[Page 1]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT 
 
SECTION I 
 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
(Erstwhile ICICI Prudential Long Term Equity Fund (Tax Saving)) 
(An open ended Equity Linked Savings Scheme with a statutory lock in of 3 years and tax 
benefit) 
 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax 
Saver Fund (the Scheme) is 
suitable for investors who are 
seeking*: 
Scheme Riskometer 
 
Benchmark of the 
Scheme as per AMFI 
Tier 1 benchmark 
(Nifty 500 TRI) 
• Long term wealth creation 
solution 
 
• An Equity Linked Savings 
Scheme that aims to 
generate long term capital 
appreciation by primarily 
investing in equity and 
related securities and 
provides tax benefit under 
section 80C of Income Tax 
Act, 1961 
 
 
 
 
 
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is 
suitable for them. 
 
#It may be noted that risk-o-meter specified above for the Scheme is based on the scheme’s 
monthly portfolio as on September 30, 2025. For latest riskometer, investors may refer to the 
Monthly Portfolios disclosed on the website of the Mutual Fund. The same shall be updated 
on ongoing basis in accordance with paragraph 17.4 of the Master Circular on Mutual Funds 
dated June 27, 2024 (the Master Circular). 
 
Continuous offer of the Units of the face value of Rs. 10 each at NAV based 
prices 
 
Name of Mutual 
Fund 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund 
Name of Asset 
Management 
Company 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
(Corporate Identity Number: U99999DL1993PLC054135) 
Address of the 
Asset 
Management 
Company 
Registered Office: 
12th Floor, Narain Manzil, 23, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 
– 110 001 
Corporate Office: 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund Tower, Vakola, Santacruz 
East, Mumbai – 400055 
 Central Service Office: 
2nd Floor, Block B -2, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western 
Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai - 400 063

[Page 2]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Name of the 
Trustee Company 
ICICI Prudential Trust Limited 
(Corporate Identity Number: U74899DL1993PLC054134) 
Address of the 
Trustee Company 
12th Floor, Narain Manzil, 23, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 
– 110 001. 
Website www.icicipruamc.com 
 
The particulars of the Scheme mentioned herein above have been prepared in 
accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) 
Regulations 1996, (herein after referred to as SEBI (MF) Regulations) as amended 
till date, and filed with SEBI, along with a Due Diligence Certificate from the Asset 
Management Company. The units being offered for public subscription have not 
been approved or recommended by SEBI nor has SEBI certified the accuracy or 
adequacy of the Scheme Information Document. 
 
This Scheme Information Document sets forth concisely the information about the 
Scheme that a prospective investor ought to know before investing. Before investing, 
investors should also ascertain about any further changes pertaining to the Scheme 
such as features, load structure, etc. ma de to this Scheme Information Document by 
issue of addenda / notice after the date of this Document from the AMC / Mutual Fund / 
Investor Service Centers / Website / Distributors or Brokers. 
 
The investors are advised to refer to the Statement of Additional Information (SAI) 
for details of ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, Standard Risk Factors, Special 
Considerations, Tax and Legal issues and general information on 
www.icicipruamc.com 
 
SAI is incorporated by reference (is legally a part of the SID). For a free copy of the 
current SAI, please contact your nearest Investor Service Centre or log on to our 
website. 
 
The Scheme Information Document (Section I and II) should be read in conjunction 
with the SAI and not in isolation. 
 
This Scheme Information Document is dated October 31, 2025.

[Page 3]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
 
Part I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME 
Sr. No. Title Description 
I. Name of the scheme ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
II. Category of the Scheme Equity - Equity Linked Saving Scheme (ELSS) 
III. Scheme type An open ended Equity Linked Savings Scheme with 
a statutory lock in of 3 years and tax benefit. 
IV. Scheme code ICIC/O/E/ELS/99/07/0011 
V. Investment objective To generate long-term capital appreciation through 
investments made primarily in equity and equity 
related securities of companies. 
 
However, there is no assurance or guarantee that 
the investment objective of the Scheme would be 
achieved. 
VI. Liquidity/listing details The Scheme being offered is an open -ended 
scheme(s) and will offer Units for Sale / Switch -in 
and Redemption / Switch-out (subject to completion 
of Lock-in Period, if any), on every Business Day at 
NAV based prices subject to applicable loads. As per 
the R egulations the redemption proceeds shall be 
dispatched to the unitholders within 3 business days 
from the date of redemption request subject to 
exceptional situations and additional timelines for 
redemption payments provided by AMFI vide its 
letter no. AMFI/ 35P/ MEM-COR/ 74 / 2022-23 dated 
January 16, 2023”. A penal interest of 15% p.a. or 
such other rate as may be prescribed by SEBI from 
time to time, will be paid in case the payment of 
redemption proceeds is not made within the 
stipulated timelines. 
VII. Benchmark (Total 
Return Index) 
AMFI Tier I Benchmark - Nifty 500 TRI 
 
The composition of the benchmark is such that, it is 
most suited for comparing performance of the 
Scheme. The Trustees reserves the right to change 
the benchmark in future, if a benchmark better suited 
to the investment objective of the Scheme is 
available. 
 
The Trustees reserves the right to change the 
benchmark in future if a benchmark better suited to 
the investment objective of the Scheme is available. 
VIII. NAV disclosure NAV will be calculated and disclosed at the close of 
every Business Day. 
 
NAV will be determined on every Business Day 
except in special circumstances. NAV of the scheme 
shall be:

[Page 4]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
• Prominently disclosed by the AMC under a 
separate head on the AMC’s website 
(https://www.icicipruamc.com/home) by 11.00 
p.m. on every business day, 
• On the website of Association of Mutual Funds in 
India - AMFI (www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. 
on every business day, and 
• Shall be made available at all Customer Service 
Centres of the AMC. 
 
As the Scheme is permitted to take exposure to 
overseas securities, the Scheme requires extended 
timeline for NAV disclosure to ensure that all 
securities are valued basis same day valuation. In 
light of the above, NAV of the Scheme will be 
declared by 10.00 a.m. on the following business 
day. 
 
In case the Scheme ceases to hold exposure to any 
overseas securities during the business day, NAV of 
the Scheme for that day would continue to be 
declared on 10.00 am on the following business day. 
Subsequent to that day, NAV of the scheme shall be 
declared on 11.00 p.m., on the same day. 
 
Further details mentioned in Section II – ‘III. Other 
Details’ – ‘C. Transparency/NAV’ 
IX. Applicable timelines • Dispatch of redemption proceeds 
As per the Regulations, the redemption proceeds shall 
be dispatched to the unitholders within 3 business 
days of receiving the redemption request subject to 
exceptional situations and additional timelines for 
redemption payments provided by AMFI vide its letter 
no. AMFI/ 35P/ MEM -COR/ 74 / 2022 -23 dated 
January 16, 2023”. A penal interest of 15% p.a. or such 
other rate as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to 
time, will be paid in case the payment of redemption 
proceeds is not made within the stipulated timelines. 
 
• Dispatch of IDCW (if applicable) etc. 
As per the Regulations, the IDCW warrants shall be 
dispatched to the Unit Holders, within 7 business 
days from the record date. IDCW will be payable to 
those Unit Holders whose names appear in the 
Register of Unit Holders on the date (Record Date).

[Page 5]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
X. Plans and Options 
 
Plans/Options
 and sub options under 
the Scheme 
Plans available under the Scheme: 
• ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund -Direct 
Plan 
• ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund – 
Regular Plan 
Options under each Plan(s): 
• Growth 
• Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal 
(IDCW) 
✓ IDCW Payout 
✓ IDCW Reinvestment 
• Including Default option/ facility (as 
applicable) are as follows: 
 
 
For details with respect to AMFI Best Practices 
Guidelines dated February 2, 2024 on treatment of 
applications received with invalid ARNs or ARNs 
subsequently found to be invalid, investors are 
requested to refer to the relevant provisions of the 
Plans • ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
- Direct Plan 
• ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
– Regular Plan 
Default 
Plan 
(if no 
plan is 
selected) 
• If broker code is not mentioned the 
default plan is ICICI Prudential ELSS 
Tax Saver Fund - Direct Plan 
• If broker code is mentioned the 
default plan is ICICI Prudential ELSS 
Tax Saver Fund – Direct Plan 
Default 
Plan 
(in 
certain 
circumst
ances) 
• If ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver 
Fund -Direct Plan is opted, but ARN 
code is also stated, then application 
would be processed under ICICI 
Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund -
Direct Plan 
• If ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver 
Fund – Regular Plan is opted, but 
ARN code is not stated, then the 
application would be processed 
under ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax 
Saver Fund - Direct Plan 
Options/ 
sub-
options 
• IDCW with IDCW Payout sub -
option and IDCW Reinvestment sub-
options 
Default 
Option 
Growth Option 
Default 
sub 
option 
IDCW Reinvestment

[Page 6]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
SAI. 
 
The Trustee reserves the right to add any other 
options/ sub-options under the Scheme. 
 
For detailed disclosure on default plans and 
options, kindly refer SAI. 
XI. Load Structure EXIT LOAD: 
NIL 
 
The Trustees shall have a right to prescribe or modify 
the exit load structure with prospective effect subject 
to a maximum prescribed under the Regulations. 
XII. Minimum Application 
Amount/switch in Rs. 500/- (plus in multiple of Rs. 500/-). 
 
Minimum application amount for switch ins – Rs. 500 
and in multiples of Rs. 500. 
 
For applications under systematic transactions, 
investors should refer to the details regarding the 
amount in the section ‘Special product/facility 
available on ongoing basis’. 
XIII. Minimum Additional 
Purchase Amount Rs. 500/- (plus in multiple of Rs. 500/-). 
Minimum additional application amount for switch 
ins – Rs. 500/- and in multiples of Rs. 500/-. 
XIV. Minimum 
Redemption/switch out 
amount 
(Post completion of 
Lock-In period) 
Any amount 
XV. Segregated 
Portfolio/side pocketing 
disclosure 
Not Applicable 
XVI Swing Pricing disclosure Not applicable 
XVII. Stock lending/short 
selling 
The Scheme will not engage in stock lending and 
short selling activity. 
 
Kindly refer to asset allocation section for more 
details. 
XVIII
. 
How to Apply and other 
details 
Please refer to the SAI for detailed process (physical 
and online) with respect to additional/ongoing 
purchase, Investments by NRIs (Non -Resident 
Indian), FPIs (Foreign Portfolio Investors) and Foreign 
Investors, Joint Applications etc. Investors can also 
read further details in the application form available 
on the AMC website under Downloads -> Forms 
 
Mutual Funds - Invest in Mutual Funds Online | ICICI 
Prudential MF

[Page 7]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
The applications for 
subscription/redemption/switches can be submitted 
at official points of acceptance of the AMC and 
CAMS Transaction Points provided in the link - SID 
related Disclosure 
 
Investors can also subscribe and redeem units from 
the official website of AMC i.e. 
www.icicipruamc.com, i-invest Ipru (formerly 
IPRUTOUCH) mobile application and MF Central 
platform. 
 
Kindly refer to aforementioned link for complete 
details. 
XIX Investor Services Contact details for general service requests and 
complaint resolution: 
 
Investors can contact at the below toll free numbers 
 
• (MTNL/BSNL) 1800222999; 
• (Others) 18002006666 
• Website: www.icicipruamc.com 
• e-mail - enquiry@icicipruamc.com 
 
The AMC will follow -up with Customer Service 
Centres and Registrar on complaints and enquiries 
received from investors for resolving them promptly. 
 
For this purpose, Mr. Rajen Kotak is the Investor 
Relations Officer. He can be contacted at the Central 
Service Office of the AMC. The address and phone 
numbers are: 
 
2nd Floor, Block B -2, Nirlon Knowledge Park, 
Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), 
Mumbai – 400 063, 
Tel No.: 022 26852000, Fax No.: 022-2686 8313 
e-mail - enquiry@icicipruamc.com 
 
Additionally, investors may also lodge complaints on 
https://scores.sebi.gov.in/if they are unsatisfied with 
the resolutions given by AMCs. SCORES portal 
facilitates you to lodge your complaint online with 
SEBI and subsequently view its status. Further, 
investors may also lodge complaints through Online 
Dispute Resolution Portal (‘ODR’) Portal available at 
https://smartodr.in/login 
XX. Specific attribute of the 
scheme 
Open Ended – Equity Scheme – ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
XXI. Special product/facility 
available on ongoing 
basis 
• Systematic Investment Plan 
The Unitholders of the Scheme can benefit by 
investing specific Rupee amounts periodically, for 
a continuous period. At the time of registration,

[Page 8]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
the SIP allows the investors to invest a fixed equal 
amount of Rupees for purchasing additional Units 
of the Scheme at NAV based prices. 
 
Daily, Weekly, Fortnightly and Monthly SIP$ : 
Rs. 500/- (plus in multiple of Rs. 500/-) 
Minimum installments: 6 
Quarterly SIP$ : 
Rs. 500/- (plus in multiple of Rs. 500/-) 
Minimum installments - 4 
$ The applicability of the minimum amount of 
installment mentioned is at the time of 
registration only. 
 
• Systematic Transfer Plan 
Systematic Transfer Plan (STP) is an option 
wherein Unit holders of designated schemes 
(Source Schemes) can opt to transfer a fixed 
amount at regular intervals and provide 
standing instructions to the AMC to switch the 
same into the designated schemes (Tar get 
Schemes). 
 
• Systematic Withdrawal Plan 
Unitholders of the Scheme have the benefit of 
enrolling themselves in the Systematic 
Withdrawal Plan. The SWP allows the 
Unitholder to withdraw a specified sum of 
money each month from his investments in the 
Scheme. At the time of registration the investor 
can choose any amount for withdrawal under 
the respective frequencies. 
 
SIP Plus 
 
Investors who had registered for SIP plus facility 
before June 1, 2021, will continue to get 
insurance cover. 
 
 For details on special products / facilities , SIP 
Cancellation and SIP Pause, please refer to Statement 
of Additional Information (SIP) for more details. 
XXII. LOCK-IN PERIOD 
APPLICABLE TO THE 
SCHEME: 
 
It is open for continuous redemption subject to the 
completion of a Lock -in period of 3 years from the 
date of allotment as prescribed in the Equity Linked 
Saving Scheme (ELSS) Guidelines. Currently, the tax 
benefits are restricted to an investment amount as 
described in the section “Taxation on investing in 
Mutual Funds” in the Statement of Additional 
Information (SAI). However, any investment amount 
in excess of the specified amount will also be subject

[Page 9]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
to the Lock – in Period of 3 years. It may, however, 
be noted that, in the event of the death of the Unit 
Holder, the nominee or legal heir, (subject to 
production of requisite documentary evidence to the 
satisfaction of the AMC) as the case may be, shall 
be able to redeem the investment only after the 
completion of one year, or any time thereafter, from 
the date of allotment of Units to the deceased Unit 
Holder. 
 
The Trustee reserves the right to change the Lock-in 
Period prospectively from time to time, in the event 
of amendment(s) to the ELSS Guidelines with 
respect to the Lock-in Period. 
XXIII. Weblink A weblink wherein TER for last 6 months, Daily TER 
as well as scheme factsheet is available on the 
website at: 
 
TER Link: 
Total Expense Ratio of Mutual Fund Schemes 
(icicipruamc.com) 
 
Factsheet link: 
Downloads - Application Forms, SID, KIM, SAI & 
Others | ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund 
(icicipruamc.com) 
The AMC reserves the right to change/ modify any features of aforesaid facilities, available 
under the Scheme, subject to SEBI Regulations and any other laws applicable from time to 
time.

[Page 10]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
 
DUE DILIGENCE BY THE ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY 
 
 
It is confirmed that: 
 
(i) The Scheme Information Document submitted to SEBI is in accordance with the SEBI 
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and the guidelines and directives issued by SEBI 
from time to time. 
 
(ii) All legal requirements connected with the launching of the Scheme as also the 
guidelines, instructions, etc., issued by the Government and any other competent 
authority in this behalf, have been duly complied with. 
 
(iii) The disclosures made in the Scheme Information Document are true, fair and adequate 
to enable the investors to make a well informed decision regarding investment in the 
Scheme. 
 
(iv) The intermediaries named in the Scheme Information Document and Statement of 
Additional Information are registered with SEBI and their registration is valid, as on 
date. 
 
(v) The contents of the Scheme Information Document including figures, data, yields etc. 
have been checked and are factually correct. 
 
(vi) The AMC has complied with the set of checklist applicable for Scheme Information 
Documents and that there are no deviations from the regulations. 
 
(vii) Notwithstanding anything contained in the Scheme Information Document, the 
provisions of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and the guidelines there 
under shall be applicable. 
 
(viii) The Trustees have ensured that the Scheme approved by them is a new product 
offered by ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund and not a minor modification of any existing 
schemes. 
Sd/- 
Rakesh Shetty 
Chief Compliance Officer & Company Secretary 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: October 30, 2025 
 
 
Note: The Due Diligence Certificate dated October 30, 2025, was submitted to SEBI.

[Page 11]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
 
PART II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME 
 
A. HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSETS? 
 
Under normal circumstances, the asset allocation under the Scheme will be as follows: 
 
Instruments 
 
Indicative allocation (% of total 
assets) 
Minimum Maximum 
Equities & Equity related securities 90 100 
Debt securities & Money Market instruments 
& Cash 
0 10 
 
The AMC may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion, alter, modify or delete any of 
the above restrictions on investments subject to, however, such modifications, changes, 
alterations, deletions are in conformity with the Regulations and the guidelines governing 
the Equity Linked Savings Scheme. 
 
The Margin may be placed in the form of such securities / instruments / deposits as may 
be permitted/eligible to be placed as margin from the assets of the Scheme. The 
securities / instruments / deposits so placed as margin shall be classified under the 
applicable category of assets for the purposes of asset allocation. 
 
The Cumulative Gross Exposure across Equity, Debt, and such other securities/assets as 
may be permitted by SEBI, if required, should not exceed 100% of the net assets of the 
scheme. 
 
Exposure to various instruments will be as per the indicative table given below: (Below 
percentages shall be subject to applicable SEBI circulars):

[Page 12]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Sr. No. Type of Instrument % of exposure Circular References 
1. Securitized Debt Upto 10 % of the total 
assets 
Paragraph 12.15 
of the Master 
Circular 
2 Derivatives Nil 
 
Not Applicable 
 2(a) Equity Derivatives for 
hedging purpose 
 
- 
2(b) Equity Derivatives for 
non-hedging purpose - 
2(c) Debt Derivatives for 
hedging/non hedging 
purpose 
3. Stock Lending NIL Not Applicable 
4. Overseas Securities Upto 10 % of the total 
assets 
Paragraph 12.19 of 
the Master Circular 
5. REITs and InvITs a. 10% of its net assets in 
the units of REIT and 
InvIT and; 
b. 5% of its NAV in the 
units of REIT and InvIT 
issued by a single issuer. 
Paragraph 12.21 of 
the Master Circular 
6. AT1 and Tier II Bonds a) Upto 10% of its NAV of 
the debt portfolio of the 
scheme in perpetual debt 
instruments and 
 
b) Upto 5% of its NAV of 
the debt portfolio of the 
scheme at single issuer 
level. The above exposure 
will be subject to the 
overall limit for debt 
instruments issued by a 
single issuer and other 
prudential limits with 
respect to the debt 
instruments. 
Paragraph 12.2 of 
Master Circular 
7. Structured Obligation and 
Credit Enhancement 
Up to 10% of the 
debt 
portfolio of the sche
me and the group 
exposure in such 
instruments shall not 
exceed 5% of the 
debt portfolio of the 
schemes: 
a. Unsupported 
rating of debt 
instruments (i.e. without 
factoring-in credit 
enhancements) is belo
Paragraph 12.3 of 
the Master Circular.

[Page 13]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
 
Rebalancing due to Short Term Defensive Consideration: 
 
➢ Due to market conditions, the AMC may invest beyond the range set out in the asset 
allocation. Such deviations shall normally be for a short term and defensive 
considerations as per paragraph 1.14.1.2.b of the Master Circular and the fund 
manager will rebalance the portfolio within 30 calendar days from the date of 
deviation. 
 
Rebalancing due to Passive Breaches: 
 
➢ Further, as per paragraph 2.9 of the Master Circular as may be amended from time 
to time, in the event of deviation from mandated asset allocation due to passive 
breaches (occurrence of instances not arising out of omission and commission of the 
AMC), the fund manager shall rebalance the port folio of the Scheme within 30 
Business Days. In case the portfolio of the Scheme is not rebalanced within the period 
of 30 Business Days, justification in writing, including details of efforts taken to 
rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before the Inv estment Review Committee of 
the AMC. The Investment Committee, if it so desires, can extend the timeline for 
rebalancing up to sixty (60) Business Days from the date of completion of mandated 
rebalancing period. Further, in case the portfolio is not rebalanced within the 
aforementioned mandated plus extend ed timelines the AMC shall comply with the 
prescribed restrictions, the reporting and disclosure requirements as specified in 
paragraph 2.9 of the Master Circular. 
 
Further, in case of any passive breaches of prudential limits inter alia including issuer 
limits, group limits and sector limits etc. prescribed in SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 
1996 and circulars issued thereunder, the rebalancing of such passive breaches shall be 
carried out in accordance with the provisions prescribed under paragraph 2.9 of the 
Master Circular, provided the specific timeline for rebalancing is not prescribed for the 
respective prudential limit. 
 
The AMC shall comply with the provisions of the applicable regulatory guidelines for all 
reporting and disclosure requirements, etc. as may be specified from time to time. 
 
Cash or cash equivalents with residual maturity of less than 91 days may be treated as 
not creating any exposure. AMFI vide letter dated November 3, 2021 has clarified that 
Cash Equivalent shall consist of Government Securities, T -Bills and Repo on 
Government Securities 
 
Apart from the above investment restrictions, the Scheme follows certain internal norms 
vis-à-vis limiting exposure to scrips, sectors etc., within the above mentioned 
restrictions, and these are subject to review from time to time. 
w investment grade and 
b. 
Supported rating of 
debt instruments 
(i.e. after factoring - 
in credit 
enhancement) is above 
investment grade.

[Page 14]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
Negative list: The Scheme will not invest/ have exposure in the following: 
Sr. No Particulars 
1. Derivatives 
2. Stock Lending 
3. Short Selling 
4. Equity Linked Debentures 
5. Credit Default Swaps 
 
 
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST? 
 
 Subject to the Regulations, the corpus of the Scheme can be invested in any (but not 
exclusively) of the following securities: 
 
a) Equity and equity related securities including convertible bonds and debentures and 
warrants carrying the right to obtain equity shares. 
b) Securities created and issued by the Central and State Governments and/or 
repos/reverse repos in such Government Securities as may be permitted by RBI (including 
but not limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon bonds and treasury bills) 
c) Securities guaranteed by the Central and State Governments (including but not 
limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon bonds and treasury bills) 
d) Debt securities issued by domestic Government agencies and statutory bodies, which 
may or may not carry a Central/State Government guarantee 
e) Corporate debt securities (of both public and private sector undertakings) 
f) Obligations or Securities issued by banks (both public and private sector) including 
term deposits as permitted by SEBI / RBI from time to time and development financial 
institutions 
g) Money market instruments as permitted by SEBI/RBI 
h) Securitised Debt 
i) The non-convertible part of convertible securities 
j) Any other domestic fixed income securities as permitted by SEBI / RBI from time to 
time (including debt securities issued by REITs and INVITs) 
k) ADRs / GDRs / Foreign Securities/Foreign ETFs as permitted by Reserve Bank of India 
and Securities and Exchange Board of India 
l) Any other security as may be permitted by SEBI. 
m) Repo transactions in corporate debt securities 
n) Units of Mutual Fund Schemes 
 
The portion of the Scheme’s portfolio invested in each type of security may vary in 
accordance with economic conditions, interest rates, liquidity and other relevant 
considerations, including the risks associated with each investment. The Scheme will, in 
order to reduce the risks associated with any one security, utilize a variety of investments. 
The Scheme will also invest in ADRs / GDRs / Foreign Debt Securities as permitted by 
Reserve Bank of India and Securities and Exchange Board of India. Investment in 
overseas securities shall be made in accordance with the requirements stipulated by 
SEBI and RBI from time to time. 
 
Subject to the Regulations, the securities mentioned in “Where will the Scheme invest”

[Page 15]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
above could be listed, unlisted, privately placed, secured, unsecured, rated or unrated 
and of varying maturity. The securities may be acquired through Public Offerings, 
secondary market operations, private placement, rights offers or negotiated deals. 
 
The Scheme may also enter into repurchase and reverse repurchase obligations in all 
securities held by it as per the guidelines and regulations applicable to such transactions. 
 
The inter Scheme transfer of investments shall be in accordance with the provisions 
contained in paragraph Inter-Scheme transfer of investments, stated in paragraph 
12.30 of the Master Circular. 
 
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES? 
The AMC believes that anomalies exist in the valuation of stocks and that consistently 
applied fundamental research can identify these opportunities. The AMC will follow an 
active investment style supported by in-house research. External research will be used 
whenever necessary. 
 
The AMC in selecting scrips will focus on the fundamentals of the business, the industry 
structure, the quality of management, sensitivity to economic factors, the financial 
strength of the company and the key earnings drivers. 
 
Since investing requires disciplined risk management, the AMC would incorporate 
adequate safeguards for controlling risks in the portfolio construction process. Stock 
specific risk will be minimized by investing only in those companies that have been 
thoroughly analyzed by the Fund Management team at the AMC. The AMC will also 
monitor and control maximum exposures to any one-security vis-à-vis its weightage in 
the benchmark. 
 
Risk will also be reduced through adequate diversification of the portfolio. Diversification 
will also be achieved by spreading the investments over a diverse range of 
industries/sectors. 
 
The Scheme may however, invest in unlisted and/or privately placed and/or un-rated debt 
securities subject to the limits indicated above, from issuers of repute and sound financial 
standing. If investment is made in unrated debt securities, the same would be done as 
per the parameters laid down by the Board of Directors of AMC. 
 
a. Subject to the limits indicated above for investment in debt securities and money 
market instruments, the Scheme may invest a part of the portfolio in securities issued 
and/or guaranteed by State and Central Governments. The Scheme may also invest in 
Securities of issuers supported by Government of India or State Governments subject to 
such securities satisfying the criteria relating to rating etc. 
 
b. The Scheme may invest in other schemes managed by the AMC or in the Schemes 
of any other Mutual Funds, provided it is in conformity to the investment objectives of the 
Scheme and in terms of the prevailing Regulations and guidelines governing Equity 
Linked Savings Schemes. As per the Regulations, no investment management fees will 
be charged for such investments. 
 
For the present, the Scheme does not intend to enter into underwriting obligations. 
However, if the Scheme does enter into an underwriting agreement, it would do so after

[Page 16]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
complying with the Regulations and with the prior approval of the Board of the AMC/ 
Trustee. 
 
The Scheme may undertake repo transactions in corporate debt securities in accordance 
with the directions issued by RBI and SEBI from time to time. Such investment shall be 
made subject to the guidelines which may be prescribed. 
 
Fixed Income securities 
 
The AMC aims to identify securities, which offer superior levels of yield at lower levels of 
risks. With the aim of controlling risks rigorous in depth credit evaluation of the securities 
proposed to be invested in will be carried out by the investment tea m of the AMC. The 
credit evaluation includes a study of the operating environment of the issuer, the short 
as well as long-term financial health of the issuer. Rated debt instruments in which the 
Scheme invests will be of investment grade as rated by a credit rating agency. The AMC 
will be guided by the ratings of such Rating Agencies as approved by SEBI to carry out 
the functioning of rating agencies. In case a debt instrument is not rated, such 
investments shall be made by an internal committee constituted by AMC to approve the 
investment in un-rated debt securities in terms of the parameters approved by the Board 
of Trustees and the Board of Asset Management Company. 
 
In addition, the investment team of the AMC will study the macro economic conditions, 
including the political, economic environment and factors affecting liquidity and interest 
rates. The AMC would use this analysis to attempt to predict the likely directi on of 
interest rates and position the portfolio appropriately to take advantage of the same. 
 
The Schemes could invest in Fixed Income Securities issued by government, quasi 
government entities, corporate issuers, structured notes and multilateral agencies in line 
with the investment objectives of the Scheme and as permitted by SEBI from time to 
time. 
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE? 
 
The benchmark of the Scheme is Nifty 500 TRI. 
 
NIFTY 500 Index represents the top 500 companies based on full market capitalization 
from the eligible universe. The index is a fair representation of the indicative universe of 
the portfolio of the Scheme. In view of the same, performance of the Scheme wi ll be 
benchmarked with NIFTY 500 Index. 
 
The composition of the benchmark is such that it is most suited for comparing 
performance of the Scheme. The Trustees reserves the right to change the benchmark in 
future, if a benchmark better suited to the investment objective of the Scheme is 
available. 
 
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME? 
Mr. Mitul Kalawadia is the Fund Manager of the Scheme. As on September 30,2025, Mr. 
Mitul Kalawadia is managing the Scheme for 2 years and 1 month since September 2023. 
 
Ms. Sharmila D’silva is the fund manager for managing overseas investments of the 
Schemes of the Fund which have a mandate to invest in overseas securities.

[Page 17]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
Name of the Fund 
Manager / Age / 
Qualification 
Experience Other schemes managed 
Mr. Mitul Kalawadia/ 
42 / CA, M. Com and 
B. Com 
Mr. Mitul Kalawadia has 
over 19 years of experience 
in fund 
management/Investment 
analyst role. He is associated 
with ICICI Prudential Asset 
Management Company 
Limited from January 2006 
till date. 
 
Past Experience: 
~ ICICI Prudential Asset 
Management Company 
Limited – Equity Research 
Analyst – October 2008 till 
February 2012. 
~ ICICI Prudential Asset 
Management Company 
Limited – Business Planning 
& MIS – January 2006 to 
September 2008. 
• ICICI Prudential Dividend Yield 
Equity Fund 
• ICICI Prudential ESG 
Exclusionary Strategy Fund 
• ICICI Prudential Equity & Debt 
Fund 
 
Ms. Sharmila D'silva/ 
31/ CA and Bachelor 
of Commerce in 
Accounting and 
Finance (BAF) 
Ms. Sharmila D’silva is 
associated with ICICI 
Prudential Asset 
Management Company 
Limited from September 
2016. 
She is involved in economics 
research, strategy research 
and business cycle research. 
 
 
 
• ICICI Prudential NASDAQ 100 
Index Fund 
• ICICI Prudential Strategic Metal 
and Energy Equity Fund of Fund 
• ICICI Prudential Global Stable 
Equity Fund (FOF) 
• ICICI Prudential US Bluechip 
Equity Fund 
• ICICI Prudential Passive Multi -
Asset Fund of Funds 
• ICICI Prudential Passive Strategy 
Fund (FOF) 
• ICICI Prudential Global 
Advantage Fund (FOF) 
• ICICI Prudential India Equity FOF 
• ICICI Prudential Multi -Asset 
Fund 
• ICICI Prudential Equity & Debt 
Fund 
Further, she is the fund manager for 
managing overseas investments. 
 
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL 
FUND?

[Page 18]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 As on September 30 , 202 5 the Fund has following schemes under the Equity 
category: 
 
Sr. No Scheme Names 
1. ICICI Prudential Large & Mid Cap Fund 
2. ICICI Prudential Commodities Fund 
3. ICICI Prudential Infrastructure Fund 
4. ICICI Prudential Focused Equity Fund 
5. ICICI Prudential Dividend Yield Equity Fund 
6. ICICI Prudential Multicap Fund 
7. ICICI Prudential Manufacturing Fund 
8. ICICI Prudential FMCG Fund 
9. ICICI Prudential Value Fund (Erstwhile ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund) 
10. ICICI Prudential Bharat Consumption Fund 
11. ICICI Prudential ESG Exclusionary Strategy Fund 
12. ICICI Prudential Quant Fund 
13. ICICI Prudential Technology Fund 
14. ICICI Prudential Banking & Financial Services Fund 
15. ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
16. ICICI Prudential Pharma Healthcare and Diagnostics (P.H.D) Fund 
17. ICICI Prudential Smallcap Fund 
18. ICICI Prudential US Bluechip Equity Fund 
19. ICICI Prudential Flexicap Fund 
20. ICICI Prudential MNC Fund 
21. ICICI Prudential Large Cap Fund (Erstwhile ICICI Prudential Bluechip Fund) 
22. ICICI Prudential Housing Opportunities Fund 
23. ICICI Prudential India Opportunities Fund 
24. ICICI Prudential Exports and Services Fund 
25. ICICI Prudential Business Cycle Fund 
26. ICICI Prudential MidCap Fund 
27. ICICI Prudential PSU Equity Fund 
28. ICICI Prudential Transportation and Logistics Fund 
29. ICICI Prudential Innovation Fund 
30. ICICI Prudential Energy Opportunities Fund 
31. ICICI Prudential Equity Minimum Variance Fund 
32. ICICI Prudential Rural Opportunities Fund 
33. ICICI Prudential Quality Fund 
34. ICICI Prudential Active Momentum Fund 
 
A detailed comparison between the existing schemes of the mutual fund is available at 
the below link: 
SID related information (icicipruamc.com) 
 
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED?

[Page 19]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
Compounded Annualised Returns (in %) of the Scheme and its benchmark for Growth 
Option as on September 30, 2025 
 
Period ICICI 
Prudential 
ELSS Tax 
Saver Fund - 
Regular 
Nifty 500 TRI 
(Benchmark) 
ICICI 
Prudential 
ELSS Tax Saver 
Fund - Direct 
Nifty 500 TRI 
(Benchmark) 
Last 1 Year (3.16) (5.28) (2.55) (5.28) 
Last 3 Year 16.61 16.38 17.34 16.38 
Last 5 Year 21.37 20.70 22.17 20.70 
Since Inception 18.95 14.49 15.38 14.26 
Inception Date^ 19-08-1999 01-01-2013 
 
 
The date of inception of the Scheme is August 19, 1999, however the direct plan under the 
scheme was being offered since January 1, 2013. Th us the returns of direct plan are 
computed for period starting Jan 1, 2013. 
 
Performance of the scheme is benchmarked to total return variant of the index. 
 
Past performance may or may not be sustained in the future and the same may not 
necessarily provide the basis for comparison with other investment. For computation of 
since inception returns the allotment NAV has been taken as Rs. 10.00. NAV of Growth 
option is considered for computation of returns without considering loads. 
 
^ Inception date shown is the date from which units under the Schemes are available 
throughout. 
 
 
Absolute returns of last five financial years of the Scheme are as follows: 
 
 
 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund - Growth Option 
 
FY 24-25 FY 23-24 FY 22-23 FY 21-22 FY 20-21
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver
Fund - Regular Plan 8.49 37.76 -2.72 23.33 75.30
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver
Fund - Direct Plan 9.18 38.63 -2.04 24.21 76.54
Nifty 500 TRI 6.37 40.49 -1.22 22.29 77.58
-10.00
0.00
10.00
20.00
30.00
40.00
50.00
60.00
70.00
80.00
90.00
Return (%)

[Page 20]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Performance of the scheme is benchmarked to total return variant of the index. 
Past performance may or may not be sustained in the future and the same may not 
necessarily provide the basis for comparison with other investment. For computation of 
since inception returns the allotment NAV has been taken as Rs. 10.00. NAV of Growth 
option is considered for computation of returns without considering loads. 
 
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES 
 
i. SCHEME’S PORTFOLIO HOLDINGS 
 
 The top 10 holdings by the S cheme and allocation towards various sectors can 
be accessed at the below link: 
 
https://www.icicipruamc.com/media-
center/downloads?currentTabFilter=otherSchemeDisclosures&&subCatTabFilte
r=MonthlyPortfolioDisclosures 
 
ii. DISCLOSURE OF NAME AND EXPOSURE TO TOP 7 ISSUERS, STOCKS, 
GROUPS AND SECTORS AS A PERCENTAGE OF NAV OF THE SCHEME IN 
CASE OF DEBT AND EQUITY ETFS/INDEX FUNDS THROUGH A FUNCTIONAL 
WEBSITE LINK THAT CONTAINS DETAILED DESCRIPTION – 
Not Applicable 
 
iii. PORTFOLIO DISCLOSURE 
Investors can obtain Scheme’s latest fortnightly/monthly/half yearly portfolio 
holding from the website of AMC i.e. https://www.icicipruamc.com/media-
center/downloads?currentTabFilter=otherSchemeDisclosures&&subCatTabFilte
r=MonthlyPortfolioDisclosures 
 
iv. WEBSITE LINK TO THE RESPECTIVE ADDENDUMS TO THE SID AFTER THE 
LAST UPDATE OF SID 
 
List of addendums effective from April 1, 2026: 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Date of 
Addendum 
Link to addendum 
1. Scheme Name 
Change 
August 24, 2026 Click 
2. Change in Equity 
Schemes pursuant 
to Categorization 
Circular 
August 25, 2026 Click 
 
For addendums released prior to the above date, kindly refer the following 
link Media Center Updates 
 
v. SCHEME’s PORTFOLIO TURNOVER RATIO: 0.26 times 
 
vi. Aggregate investment in the Scheme by: (As on September 30, 2025)

[Page 21]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Category of Persons Net Value Market Value 
(in Rs.) 
A. Scheme’s Fund 
Manager(s) 
Units NAV per unit 
1. Mittul Kalawadia 
 
 
 
 
 
 Direct Plan – Growth 1,602.59 1036.01 16,60,300.30 
 Direct Plan – IDCW 260.30 23.38 6,085.88 
 
For any other disclosure w ith respect to investments by key personnel and AMC 
directors including regulatory provisions in this regard kindly refer SAI. 
 
vii. INVESTMENT OF THE AMC IN THE SCHEME 
 
From time to time and subject to the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, the 
sponsors, the mutual funds and investment Companies managed by them, their 
associate companies, subsidiaries of the sponsors and the AMC may invest in 
either directly or indirectly in the Scheme. The funds managed by these 
associates and/ or the AMC may acquire a substantial portion of the Scheme. 
Accordingly, redemption of units held by such funds, associates and sponsors 
may have an adverse impact on the units of the Scheme because the timing of 
such redemption may impact the ability of other unit holders to redeem their 
units. The details of such investments of the AMC can be accessed at the 
following link: 
 Statutory Disclosure (icicipruamc.com) 
 
PART III. OTHER DETAILS 
 
A. COMPUTATION OF NAV 
 
The NAV of the Units of the Scheme will be computed by dividing the net assets of the 
Scheme by the number of Units outstanding on the valuation date. The Fund shall value its 
investments according to the valuation norms, as specified in Schedule VIII of t he 
Regulations, or such norms as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time and as stipulated 
in the valuation policy and procedures of the Fund, provided in Statement of Additional 
Information (SAI). 
 
The NAV of the Schemes shall be rounded off up to two decimals 
 
NAV of units under the Scheme shall be calculated as shown below: 
 
Market or Fair Value of Scheme’s investments + Current Assets 
- Current Liabilities and Provision 
NAV (Rs.) = 
___________________________________________________________________________ 
No. of Units outstanding under Schemes 
 
The NAV will be calculated as of the close of every Business Day of the respective Scheme. 
The valuation of the Scheme’s assets and calculation of the Scheme’s NAV shall be subject

[Page 22]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
to audit on an annual basis and such regulations as may be prescribed by SEBI from time 
to time. 
 
Illustration on computation of NAV: 
 
If the net assets of the Scheme are Rs.10,45,34345.34 and units outstanding are 
10,00,0000, then the NAV per unit will be computed as follows: 
 
10,45,34,345.34 / 10,00,0000 = Rs. 10.45 p.u. (rounded off to two decimals) 
 
The Fund shall ensure that the repurchase price of an open ended scheme is not lower 
than 95 per cent of the Net Asset Value. 
 
For further details, such as policies w ith respect to computation of NAV, rounding off, 
valuation of investment in foreign securities, procedure in case of delay in disclosure of 
NAV etc, please refer to SAI. 
 
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES – Not Applicable 
 
 
 
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSE 
 
These are the fees and expenses for operating the Scheme. These expenses include 
Investment Management and Advisory Fee charged by the AMC, Registrar and Transfer 
Agents’ fee, marketing and selling costs etc. as given in the table below: 
 
The AMC has estimated that upto 2.25% of the daily net assets of the Scheme will be 
charged to the Scheme as expenses. For the actual current expenses being charged, the 
investor should refer to the website of the mutual fund. In case of any change in the 
expense ratio, the AMC would update the same on the website at least three business 
days prior to the effective date of the change. The requirement for disclosing such change 
would be subject to paragraph 10.1.8 of the Master Circular. 
 
Investor can refer Total Expense Ratio of Mutual Fund Schemes (icicipruamc.com) for Total 
Expense Ratio (TER)for Total Expense Ratio (TER) details 
 
Details of Annual Scheme Recurring Expenses under the Scheme are as follows: 
 
Particulars ICICI Prudential ELSS 
Tax Saver Fund 
(% per annum of net 
assets) 
Investment Management and Advisory Fees 
 
 
 
 
 
Audit Fees and expenses of trustees 
Custodian Fees 
Registrar & Transfer Agent Fees including cost of 
providing account statements/IDCW/redemption 
cheques/warrants

[Page 23]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Marketing & Selling Expenses including Agents 
Commission and statutory advertisement 
 
 
Up to 2.25 
 
 
Cost related to investor communications 
Cost of fund transfer from location to location 
Cost towards investor education & awareness (2bps) 
Brokerage and transaction cost pertaining to 
distribution of units 
Goods and Services Tax on expenses other than 
investment and advisory fees 
Goods and Services Tax on brokerage and transaction 
cost 
Other Expenses* 
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under 
Regulation 52 (6) (c) 
Up to 2.25 
Additional expenses under Regulations 52(6A)(c) Up to 0.05 
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from 
specified cities* (more specifically elaborated below) 
Up to 0.30 
 
The aforesaid does not include Goods and Services tax on investment management 
and advisory fees. The same is more specifically elaborated below. 
 
The returns of the Direct Plan for the Sche me shall be exclusive of distribution 
commission. 
 
*As permitted under the Regulation 52 of SEBI (MF) Regulations, 1996 and pursuant to 
paragraph 15.10.1 of the Master Circular , SEBI (Mutual Funds) Second Amendment 
Regulations, 2012 and SEBI (Mutual Funds) Fourth Amendment Regulations, 2018. 
 
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, 
etc as compared to other Plan and no commission for distribution of Units will be paid/ 
charged under Direct Plan. 
 
All fees and expenses charged in a Direct Plan (in percentage terms) under various heads 
including the investment and advisory fee shall not exceed the fees and expenses 
charged under such heads in other than Direct Plan. 
 
The Scheme can charge expenses within overall maximum limits prescribed 
under SEBI (MF) Regulations, without any internal cap allocated to any of 
the expense heads specified in the above table. 
 
Types of expenses charged shall be as per the SEBI (Mutual Fund) Regulation, 1996. 
 
As per the Regulations, the maximum recurring expenses that can be charged to the 
Scheme shall be subject to a percentage limit of daily net assets as in the table below: 
 
First Rs. 
500 crore 
Next Rs. 
250 crore 
Next Rs. 
1,250 
crore 
Next Rs. 
3,000 
crore 
Next Rs. 
5,000 
crore 
Next Rs. 40,000 
crores 
 
Balance 
2.25% 2.00% 1.75% 1.60% 1.50% TER reduction of 
0.05% for every 
increase of Rs. 
1.05%

[Page 24]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
5,000 crore of 
daily net assets 
or part thereof 
 
The above expense percentage excludes additional expenses that can be charged 
towards: i) 30 bps for gross new inflows from retail investors from specified cities and ii) 
Goods and services tax on investment management and advisory fees. The same is more 
specifically elaborated below. 
 
Pursuant to paragraph 10.1 of SEBI Master Circular on Mutual Funds dated May 19, 2023, 
SEBI (Mutual Funds) Second Amendment Regulations, 2012 and Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Mutual Funds) (Fourth Amendment) Regulations, 2018, following 
additional costs or expenses may be charged to the scheme, namely: 
(i) The AMC may charge Goods and services tax on investment and advisory fees to 
the scheme of the Fund in addition to the maximum limit of total expenses ratio as 
prescribed in Regulation 52 of the Regulations, whereas Goods and services tax on other 
than investment and advisory fees, if any, shall be borne by the scheme within the 
maximum limit as per regulation 52 of the Regulations. 
 
(ii) expenses not exceeding of 0.30 per cent of daily net assets, if the new inflows from 
retail investors from B30 cities as specified by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
from time to time are at least – 
 
• 30 per cent of the gross new inflows from retail investors of B30 cities into the scheme, 
or; 
• 15 per cent of the average assets under management (year to date) of the scheme, 
 
whichever is higher; 
 
Provided that if inflows from retail investors from B30 cities are less than the higher of the 
above, such expenses on daily net assets of the scheme shall be charged on proportionate 
basis; 
 
Provided further that expenses charged under this clause shall be utilised for distribution 
expenses incurred for bringing inflows from retail investors from B30 cities; 
 
Provided further that amount incurred as expense on account of inflows from retail 
investors from B30 cities shall be credited back to the scheme in case the said inflows are 
redeemed within a period of one year from the date of investment. 
 
For the above purposes, ‘B30 cities’ shall be beyond Top 30 cities as at the end of the 
previous financial year as communicated by AMFI. For above purposes, retail investors 
would mean individual investors from whom inflows into the Scheme amount upto Rs. 
2,00,000/- per transaction 
 
Note - SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 
2023 and AMFI letter dated No. 35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated March 02, 2023 has 
directed AMCs to keep B -30 incentive structure in abeyance with effect from March 01, 
2023 till further notice.

[Page 25]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
At least 2 basis points on daily net assets shall be annually set apart for investor education 
and awareness initiatives. The same shall be within limits specified under Regulation 52 
of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulation. 
 
Brokerage and transaction cost incurred for the purpose of execution of trade shall be 
charged to the schemes as provided under Regulation 52 (6A) (a) upto 12 bps and 5 bps 
for cash market transactions and derivatives transactions respectively. Any payment 
towards brokerage and transaction costs, over and above the said 12 bps and 5 bps for 
cash market transactions and derivatives transactions respectively may be charged to the 
scheme within the maximum limit of Total Expense Ratio (TER) as prescribed under 
regulation 52. 
 
Expenses shall be charged / borne in accordance with the Regulations prevailing from time 
to time. 
 
Illustration impact of expense ratio on scheme’s return: 
 
Particulars Regular Plan Direct Plan 
Amount Invested at the beginning of 
the year 
10,000 10,000 
Returns before Expenses 1,500 1,500 
Expenses other than Distribution 
Expenses 
150 150 
Distribution Expenses 50 - 
Returns after Expenses at the end of 
the Year 
1300 1350 
 
For calculating expense of ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund – Direct Plan, distribution 
expenses will not be considered. 
 
 
D. LOAD STRUCTURE 
 
Exit Load is an amount which is paid by the investor to redeem the units from the 
scheme. Load amounts are variable and are subject to change from time to time. For the 
current applicable structure, please refer to the website of the AMC 
(www.icicipruamc.com) or your distributor. 
 
Type of Load Load chargeable (as % of NAV) 
Exit Load 
 
(No Entry 
Load shall be 
charged) 
Exit Load: Nil 
 
 
Any redemption/switch arising out of excess holding by an investor beyond 25% of the 
net assets of the Scheme in the manner envisaged under paragraph 6.11.1.1 (b) of the 
Master Circular, such redemption / switch will not be subject to exit load. 
 
The exit load charged, if any, shall be credited back to the respective scheme. Goods 
and Services tax on exit load shall be paid out of the exit load proceeds and exit load 
net of Goods and Services tax shall be credited to the schemes.

[Page 26]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Exit Load, if any, prevailing on the date of enrolment of SIP/ STP shall be levied in the 
Scheme. 
 
The investor is requested to check the prevailing load structure of the Scheme before 
investing. For any change in load structure AMC will issue an addendum and display it 
on the website/Investor Service Centres. Any imposition or enhancement in the load 
shall be applicable on prospective investments only. 
 
Subject to the Regulations, the Trustee reserves the right to modify/alter the load 
structure on the Units subscribed/redeemed on any Business Day. At the time of 
changing the load structure, the AMC / Mutual Fund may adopt the following procedure: 
 
i. The addendum detailing the changes will be attached to Scheme Information 
Documents and key information memorandum. The addendum will be circulated 
to all the distributors/brokers so that the same can be attached to all Scheme 
Information Documents and key information memoranda already in stock. 
ii. Arrangements will be made to display the addendum in the Scheme Information 
Document in the form of a notice in all the investor service centres and 
distributors/brokers office. 
iii. The introduction of the exit load along with the details will be stamped in the 
acknowledgement slip issued to the investors on submission of the application 
form and will also be disclosed in the statement of accounts issued after the 
introduction of such load. 
iv. A public notice shall be provided on the website of the AMC in respect of such 
changes. 
 
Any imposition or enhancement in the load shall be applicable on prospective 
investments only.

[Page 27]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
SECTION II 
 
I. Introduction 
 
A. Definitions 
 
Definition for the words and expressions used in the SID are available at the following 
link: SID related information (icicipruamc.com) 
 
The words and expressions shall have the meaning as specified at the above link, unless 
the context otherwise requires. 
 
B. Risk Factors 
 
I. Standard Risk Factors: Please refer to SAI. 
 
II. Scheme specific risk factors 
 
As per the requirements under the ELSS category, the investors in units issued under the 
scheme including the units issued under dividend reinvestment option will not be 
redeemed until the expiry of 3 (three) years from the date of their allotment. The abi lity 
of an investor to realize returns on investments in this scheme is consequently restricted 
for the first three years. Redemption will be made prior to the expiry of the aforesaid 3 
(three) years period only in the event of the death of a Unit Holder, subject to the Units 
having been held for a period of 1 (one) year from the date of their allotment. 
 
➢ Risk associated with investing in equities and equity related instruments- 
 
1. Investors may note that AMC/Fund Manager’s investment decisions may not be always 
profitable, as actual market movements may be at variance with anticipated trends. 
Trading volumes, settlement periods and transfer procedures may restrict the liquidity of 
these investments. Different segments of the Indian financial markets have different 
settlement periods and such periods may be extended significantly by unforeseen 
circumstances. The inability of the Schemes to make intended securities purchases due 
to set tlement problems could cause the Schemes to miss certain investment 
opportunities. 
2. The value of the Schemes’ investments, may be affected generally by factors affecting 
securities markets, such as price and volume volatility in the capital markets, interest 
rates, currency exchange rates, changes in policies of the Government, taxation laws or 
any other appropriate authority policies and other political and economic developments 
which may have an adverse bearing on individual securities, a specific sector or all 
sectors including equity and debt markets. Consequently, the NAV of the Units of the 
Scheme may fluctuate and can go up or down. 
4. Investors may note that dividend is due only when declared and there is no assurance 
that a company (even though it may have a track record of payment of dividend in the 
past) may continue paying dividend in future. As such, the schemes are vulnerable to 
instances where investments in securities may not earn dividend or where lesser 
dividend is declared by a company in subsequent years in which investments are made 
by schemes. As the profitability of companies are likely to vary and have a material 
bearing on their ability to declare and pay dividend, the performance of the scheme may 
be adversely affected due to such factors.

[Page 28]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
5. Securities, which are not quoted on the stock exchanges, are inherently illiquid in nature 
and carry a larger amount of liquidity risk, in comparison to securities that are listed on 
the exchanges or offer other exit options to the investor, including a put option. Within 
the Regulatory limits, the AMC may choose to invest in unlisted securities that offer 
attractive yields. 
6. While securities that are listed on the stock exchange carry lower liquidity risk, the ability 
to sell these investments is limited by the overall trading volume on the stock exchanges. 
The liquidity of the Schemes’ investments is inherently restricted by trading volumes in 
the securities in which it invests. 
7. Fund manager endeavors to generate returns based on certain past statistical trend. The 
performance of the scheme may get affected if there is a change in the said trend. There 
can be no assurance that such historical trends will continue. 
8. In case of abnormal circumstances it will be difficult to complete the square off 
transaction due to liquidity being poor in stock futures/spot market. However, fund will 
aim at taking exposur e into relatively liquid stocks where there will be minimal risk to 
square off the transaction. The Schemes investing in foreign securities will be exposed 
to settlement risk, as different countries have different settlement periods. 
9. Changes in Government policy in general and changes in tax benefits applicable to 
mutual funds may impact the returns to investors in the Schemes or business prospects 
of the Company in any particular sector. 
10 In case of warrants, a relatively small movement in the price of the underlying security 
results in a disproportionately large movement, unfavourable or favourable, in the price 
of the warrant. The prices of warrants can therefore be volatile. 
11.It is essential for the investors to understand that the right to subscribe which a warrant 
confers is invariably limited in time with the consequence that if the investor fails to 
exercise this right within the predetermined timeline then the investment b ecomes 
worthless. Investment in a warrant can result in a total loss of the money invested plus 
any commission or other transaction charges. 
 
➢ Risks associated with investments in fixed income and money market securities: 
 
• Market Risk/Interest rate Risk: The Net Asset Value (NAV) of the Scheme, to the extent 
invested in Debt and Money Market securities, will be affected by changes in the general 
level of interest rates. The NAV of the Scheme is expected to increase from a fall in 
interest rates while it would be adversely affected by an increase in the level of interest 
rates. The movements in interest rate, which depend on various factors such as 
government borrowing, inflation, economic performance etc. 
 
• Liquidity Risk: The liquidity of a security may change depending on market conditions 
leading to changes in the liquidity premium linked to the price of the security. At the time 
of selling the security, the security can become illiquid leading to loss in the value of the 
portfolio. 
 
• Credit Risk: Investments in fixed income securities are subject to the risk of an issuer's 
inability to meet interest and principal payments on its obligations and market perception 
of the creditworthiness of the issuer. 
 
• Price Risk: Government securities where a fixed return is offered run price -risk like any 
other fixed income security. Generally, when interest rates rise, prices of fixed income 
securities fall and when interest rates drop, the prices increase. The extent of fall or rise 
in the prices is a function of the existing coupon, days to maturity and the increase or 
decrease in the level of interest rates. The new level of interest rate is determined by the

[Page 29]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
rates at which government raises new money and/or the price levels at which the market 
is already dealing in existing securities. The price -risk is not unique to Government 
Securities. It exists for all fixed income securities. However, Government Securities are 
unique in the sense that their credit risk generally remains zero. Therefore, their prices 
are influenced only by movement in interest rates in the financial system. 
 
• Settlement risk: The inability of the Scheme to make intended securities purchases due 
to settlement problems could cause the Scheme to miss certain investment opportunities. 
By the same rationale, the inability to sell securities held in the Scheme’s portfolio due to 
the extraneous factors that may impact liquidity would result, at times, in potential losses 
to the Scheme. 
 
• Regulatory Risk: Changes in government policy in general and changes in tax benefits 
applicable to Mutual Funds may impact the returns to investors in the Scheme. 
 
• Risks associated with investment in unlisted securities: Except for any security of an 
associate or group company, the scheme can invest in securities which are not listed on 
a stock exchange (“unlisted Securities”) which in general are subject to greater price 
fluctuations, less liquidity and greater risk than those which are traded in the open 
market. Unlisted securities may lack a liquid secondary market and there can be no 
assurance that the Scheme will realise its investments in unlisted securities at a fair 
value. 
 
Different types of fixed income securities in which the Scheme would invest as given in 
the Scheme Information Document carry different levels and types of risk. Accordingly, 
the Scheme risk may increase or decrease depending upon its investment pattern. e .g. 
corporate bonds carry a higher level of risk than Government securities. 
 
The AMC may, considering the overall level of risk of the portfolio, invest in lower rated / 
unrated securities offering higher yields as well as zero coupon securities that offer 
attractive yields. This may increase the absolute level of risk of the portfolio. 
 
As zero coupon securities do not provide periodic interest payments to the holder of the 
security, these securities are more sensitive to changes in interest rates. Therefore, the 
interest rate risk of zero coupon securities is higher. The AMC may choose t o invest in 
zero coupon securities that offer attractive yields. This may increase the risk of the 
portfolio. 
 
Securities, which are not quoted on the stock exchanges, are inherently illiquid in nature 
and carry a larger amount of liquidity risk, in comparison to securities that are listed on 
the exchanges or offer other exit options to the investor, including a put option. The AMC 
may choose to invest in unlisted securities that offer attractive yields. This may increase 
the risk of the portfolio. 
 
The Scheme(s) at times may receive large number of redemption requests, leading to an 
asset-liability mismatch and therefore, requiring the investment manager to make a 
distress sale of the securities leading to realignment of the portfolio and consequentl y 
resulting in investment in lower yield instruments. 
 
Investment in unrated instruments may involve a risk of default or decline in market value 
higher than rated instruments due to adverse economic and issuer -specific 
developments. Such investments display increased price sensitivity to changing interest

[Page 30]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
rates and to a deteriorating economic environment. The market values for unrated 
investments tend to be more volatile and such securities tend to be less liquid than rated 
debt securities. 
 
➢ Risks associated with Investing in Foreign Securities - ADRs/GDRs/other overseas 
investments: 
 
It is AMC’s belief that the investment in ADRs/GDRs/overseas securities offers new 
investment and portfolio diversification opportunities into multi -market and multi -
currency products. However, such investments also entail additional risks. Such 
investment opportunities may be pursued by the AMC provided they are considered 
appropriate in terms of the overall investment objectives of the Scheme. Since the 
Scheme would invest only partially in ADRs/GDRs/overseas securities, there may not be 
readily available and widely accepted benchmarks to measure performance of the 
Schemes. To manage risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate exposure, 
the Fund may use derivatives for efficient portfolio management including hedging and 
in accordance with conditions as may be stipulated by SEBI/RBI from time to time. 
 
To the extent that the assets of the Scheme will be invested in securities denominated in 
foreign currencies, the Indian Rupee equivalent of the net assets, distributions and 
income may be adversely affected by the changes in the value of certain foreign 
currencies relative to the Indian Rupee. The repatriation of capital also may be hampered 
by changes in regulations concerning exchange controls or political circumstances as 
well as the application to it of the other restrictions on investment. 
 
Offshore investments will be made subject to any/all approvals, conditions thereof as 
may be stipulated by SEBI/RBI and provided such investments do not result in expenses 
to the Fund in excess of the ceiling on expenses prescribed by and consistent with costs 
and expenses attendant to international investing. The Fund may, where necessary, 
appoint other intermediaries of repute as advisors, custodian/sub -custodians etc. for 
managing and administering such investments. The appointment of such intermediaries 
shall be in accordance with the applicable requirements of SEBI and within the 
permissible ceilings of expenses. The fees and expenses would illustratively include, 
besides the investment management fees, custody fees and costs, fees of appointed 
advisors and sub-managers, transaction costs, and overseas regulatory costs. 
 
➢ Risk associated with investing in units of mutual funds 
 
The scheme may make investments in units of mutual funds. Investments in schemes of 
mutual funds are subject to market risks and there is no assurance or guarantee that the 
objectives of the scheme will be achieved. Further, any investment in mutual funds is also 
subject to risk factors outlined in the offer document of the mutual fund and an adverse 
performance of a mutual fund scheme in which the scheme has made investments could 
adversely impact the scheme’s performance and NAV of the scheme. 
 
➢ Risks associated with Investing in Derivatives: 
 
The scheme will not invest in derivatives 
 
➢ Risks associated with investing in Securitised Debt: 
 
A securitization transaction involves sale of receivables by the originator (a bank, non -

[Page 31]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
banking finance company, housing finance company, microfinance companies or a 
manufacturing/service company) to a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV), typically set up in the 
form of a trust. Investors are issued rated Pass Through Certificates (PTCs), the proce eds 
of which are paid as consideration to the originator. In this manner, the originator, by 
selling his loan receivables to an SPV, receives consideration from investors much before 
the maturity of the underlying loans. Investors are paid from the collections of the 
underlying loans from borrowers. Typically, the transaction is provided with a li mited 
amount of credit enhancement (as stipulated by the rating agency for a target rating), 
which provides protection to investors against defaults by the underlying borrowers. 
Generally available asset classes for securitization in India are: 
 
• Commercial vehicles 
• Auto and two wheeler pools 
• Mortgage pools (residential housing loans) 
• Personal loan, credit card and other retail loans 
• Corporate loans/receivables 
• Microfinance receivables 
 
In pursuance to SEBI communication dated: August 25, 2010, given below are the requisite 
details relating to investments in Securitized debt. 
 
• Risk profile of securitized debt vis-à-vis risk appetite of the scheme: 
 
The Scheme aims to provide reasonable returns to investors with a long -term 
investment horizon. To ensure the scheme targets only long term investors, the scheme 
has exit loads of upto 1 year which acts as a deterrent to short term investors. 
Securitized debt instruments are relatively illiquid in the secondary market and hence 
they are generally held to maturity which would match with the long-term investment 
horizon of these investors. Investment in these instruments may help the fund in aiming 
at reasonable returns. These returns come with a certain degree of risks which are 
covered separately in the Scheme Information Document. Accordingly, the medium risk 
profile of the securitised debt instruments matches that of the prospective investors of 
these schemes. 
 
• Policy relating to originators based on nature of originator, track record, NPAs, losses 
in earlier securitized debt, etc. 
 
• Risk mitigation strategies for investments with each kind of originator 
For a complete understanding of the policy relating to selection of originators, the AMC has 
first analysed below risks attached to a securitization transaction. 
 
In terms of specific risks attached to securitization, each asset class would have different 
underlying risks, however, residential mortgages are supposed to be having lower default 
rates as an asset class. On the other hand, repossession and subsequent re covery of 
commercial vehicles and other auto assets is fairly easier and better compared to 
mortgages. Some of the asset classes such as personal loans, credit card receivables etc., 
being unsecured credits in nature, may witness higher default rates. As regards corporate 
loans/receivables, depending upon the nature of the underlying security for the loan or the 
nature of the receivable the risks would correspondingly fluctuate. However, the credit

[Page 32]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
enhancement stipulated by rating agencies for such asset class pools is typically much 
higher, which helps in making their overall risks comparable to other AAA/AA rated asset 
classes. 
 
The Scheme may invest in securitized debt assets. These assets would be in the nature of 
Asset Backed Securities (ABS) and Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) with underlying 
pool of assets and receivables like housing loans, auto loans and single corporate l oan 
originators. The Scheme intends to invest in securitized instruments rated AAA/AA by a 
SEBI recognized credit rating agency. 
 
Before entering into any securitization transaction, the risk is assessed based on the 
information generated from the following sources: 
(1) Rating provided by the rating agency 
(2) Assessment by the AMC 
 
(1) Assessment by a Rating Agency 
 
In its endeavor to assess the fundamental uncertainties in any securitization 
transaction, a credit rating agency normally takes into consideration following factors: 
• Credit Risk 
 
Credit risk forms a vital element in the analysis of securitization transaction. 
Adequate credit enhancements to cover defaults, even under stress scenarios, 
mitigate this risk. This is done by evaluating following risks: 
o Asset risk 
o Originator risk 
o Portfolio risk 
o Pool risks 
 
The quality of the pool is a crucial element in assessing credit risk. In the Indian 
context, generally, pools are ‘cherry -picked’ using positive selection criteria. To 
protect the investor from adverse selection of pool contracts, the rating agencies 
normally take into consideration pool characteristics such as pool seasoning 
(seasoning represents the number of installments paid by borrower till date: higher 
seasoning represents better quality), over dues at the time of selection and Loan to 
Value (LTV). To assess its risk profile vis -à-vis the overall portfolio, the pool is 
analyzed with regard to geographical location, borrower profile, LTV, and tenure. 
 
• Counterparty Risk 
 
There are several counterparties in a securitization transaction, and their 
performance is crucial. Unlike in the case of credit risks, where the risks emanate from 
a diversified pool of retail assets, counterparty risks result in either performance or 
non-performance. The rating agencies generally mitigate such risks through the 
usage of stringent counterparty selection and replacement criteria to reduce the risk 
of failure. The risks assessed under this category include:

[Page 33]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
o Servicer risk 
o Commingling risk 
o Miscellaneous other counterparty risks 
 
• Legal Risks 
 
The rating agency normally conducts a detailed study of the legal documents to 
ensure that the investors' interest is not compromised and relevant protection and 
safeguards are built into the transaction. 
 
• Market Risks 
 
Market risks represent risks not directly related to the transaction, but other market 
related factors, stated below, which could have an impact on transaction 
performance, or the value of the investments to the investors. 
o Macro-economic risks 
o Prepayment risks 
o Interest rate risks 
 
➢ Other Risks associated with investment in securitized debt and mitigation 
measures: 
 
• Limited Liquidity and Price Risk 
 
There is no assurance that a deep secondary market will develop for the Certificates. 
This could limit the ability of the investor to resell them. 
 
Risk Mitigation: Securitized debt instruments are relatively illiquid in the secondary 
market and hence they are generally held to maturity. The liquidity risk and HTM 
nature is taken into consideration at the time of analyzing the appropriateness of the 
securitization. 
 
• Limited Recourse, Delinquency and Credit Risk 
 
The Credit Enhancement stipulated represents a limited loss cover to the Investors. 
These Certificates represent an undivided beneficial interest in the underlying 
receivables and do not represent an obligation of either the Issuer or the Seller or the 
originator, or the parent of the Seller, Issuer and Originator. No financial recourse is 
available to the Certificate Holders against the Investors' Representative. 
Delinquencies and credit losses may cause depletion of the amount available under 
the Credit Enhancement and thereby the Investor Payouts to the Certificate Holders 
may get affected if the amount available in the Credit Enhancement facility is not 
enough to cover the shortfall. On persistent default of an Obligor to repay his 
obligation, the Servicer may repossess and sell the Asset. However, many factors may 
affect, delay or prevent the repossession of such Asset or the length of time required 
to realise the sale proceeds on such sales. In addition, the price at which such Asset

[Page 34]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
may be sold may be lower than the amount due from that Obligor. 
 
Risk Mitigation: In addition to careful scrutiny of credit profile of borrower/pool 
additional security in the form of adequate cash collaterals and other securities may 
be obtained to ensure that they all qualify for similar rating. 
 
• Risks due to possible prepayments: Weighted Tenor / Yield 
 
Asset securitisation is a process whereby commercial or consumer credits are 
packaged and sold in the form of financial instruments Full prepayment of underlying 
loan contract may arise under any of the following circumstances; 
 
o Obligor pays the Receivable due from him at any time prior to the scheduled 
maturity date of that Receivable; or 
o Receivable is required to be repurchased by the Seller consequent to its inability to 
rectify a material misrepresentation with respect to that Receivable; or 
o The Servicer recognizing a contract as a defaulted contract and hence 
repossessing the underlying Asset and selling the same 
o In the event of prepayments, investors may be exposed to changes in tenor and 
yield. 
 
Risk Mitigation: A certain amount of prepayments is assumed in the calculations at 
the time of purchase based on historical trends and estimates. Further a stress case 
estimate is calculated and additional margins are built in. 
 
• Bankruptcy of the Originator or Seller 
 
If originator becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings and the court in the 
bankruptcy proceedings concludes that the sale from originator to Trust was not a 
sale, then an Investor could experience losses or delays in the payments due. All 
possible care is generally taken in structuring the transaction so as to minimize the 
risk of the sale to Trust not being construed as a “True Sale”. Legal opinion is normally 
obtained to the effect that the assignment of Receivables to Trust in trust for and for 
the benefit of the Investors, as envisaged herein, would constitute a true sale. 
 
Risk Mitigation: Normally, specific care is taken in structuring the securitization 
transaction so as to minimize the risk of the sale to the trust not being construed as 
a 'true sale'. It is also in the interest of the originator to demonstrate the transaction 
as a true sell to get the necessary revenue recognition and tax benefits. 
 
• Bankruptcy of the Investor’s Agent 
 
If Investor’s agent becomes subject to bankruptcy proceedings and the court in the 
bankruptcy proceedings concludes that the recourse of Investor’s Agent to the 
assets/receivables is not in its capacity as agent/Trustee but in its personal capacity, 
then an Investor could experience losses or delays in the payments due under the 
swap agreement. All possible care is normally taken in structuring the transaction

[Page 35]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
and drafting the underlying documents so as to provide that the assets/receivables if 
and when held by Investor’s Agent is held as agent and in Trust for the Investors and 
shall not form part of the personal assets of Investor’s Agent. Legal opinion is 
normally obtained to the effect that the Investors Agent’s recourse to 
assets/receivables is restricted in its capacity as agent and trustee and not in its 
personal capacity. 
 
Risk Mitigation: All possible care is normally taken in structuring the transaction and 
drafting the underlying documents so as to provide that the assets/receivables if and 
when held by Investor’s Agent is held as agent and in Trust for the Investors and shall 
not form part of the personal assets of Investor’s Agent. 
 
• Credit Rating of the Transaction / Certificate 
 
The credit rating is not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell the Certificate in 
as much as the ratings do not comment on the market price of the Certificate or its 
suitability to a particular investor. There is no assurance by the rating agency eith er 
that the rating will remain at the same level for any given period of time or that the 
rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the rating agency. 
 
• Risk of Co-mingling 
 
With respect to the Certificates, the Servicer will deposit all payments received from 
the Obligors into the Collection Account. However, there could be a time gap between 
collection by a Servicer and depositing the same into the Collection account especially 
considering that some of the collections may be in the form of cash. In this interim 
period, collections from the Loan Agreements may not be segregated from other 
funds of originator. If originator in its capacity as Servicer fails to remit such funds 
due to Investors, the Investors may be exposed to a potential loss. 
 
(2) Assessment by the AMC 
 
The scheme may invest in securitized debt originated by Banks, NBFCs and other 
issuers. The AMC may evaluate following factors, while investing in securitized debt: 
• Originator 
 
Acceptance Evaluation Parameters (For Pool Loan and Single Loan Securitization 
Transactions) 
• Track record 
 
The AMC ensures that there is adequate past track record of the Originator before 
selection of the pool including a detailed look at the number of issuances in past, track 
record of issuances, experience of issuance team, etc. 
• Willingness to pay 
 
As the securitized structure has underlying collateral structure, depending on the 
asset class, historical NPA trend and other pool / loan characteristics, a credit 
enhancement in the form of cash collateral, such as fixed deposit, bank, guarantee

[Page 36]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
etc. is obtained, as a risk mitigation measure. 
 
• Ability to pay 
 
This assessment is based on a strategic framework for credit analysis, which entails 
a detailed financial risk assessment. 
Management analysis is used for identifying company specific financial risks. One of 
the most important factors for assessment is the quality of management based on its 
past track record and feedback from market participants. In order to assess financial 
risk a broad assessment of the issuer’s financial statements is undertaken to review 
its ability to undergo stress on cash flows and asset quality. Business risk 
assessment, wherein following factors are considered: 
o Outlook for the economy (domestic and global) 
o Outlook for the industry 
o Company specific factors 
 
In addition, a detailed review and assessment of rating rationale is done including 
interactions with the company as well as agency 
➢ Critical Evaluation Parameters (For Pool Loan and Single Loan Securitization 
Transactions) 
 
Typically, the AMC would avoid investing in securitization transaction (without 
specific risk mitigant strategies / additional cash/security collaterals/ guarantees) if 
there are concerns on the following issues regarding the originator / underlying issuer: 
• High default track record/ frequent alteration of redemption conditions / 
covenants 
• High leverage ratios – both on a standalone basis as well on a consolidated 
level/ group level 
• Higher proportion of re-schedulement of underlying assets of the pool or loan, 
as the case may be 
• Higher proportion of overdue assets of the pool or the underlying loan, as the 
case may be 
• Poor reputation in market 
• Insufficient track record of servicing of the pool or the loan, as the case may 
be. 
 
➢ Advantages of Investments in Single Loan Securitized Debt 
 
• Wider Coverage: A Single Loan Securitized Debt market offers a more diverse 
range of issues / exposures as the Banks / NBFCs lend to larger base of 
borrowers.

[Page 37]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
• Credit Assessment: Better credit assessment of the underlying exposure as the 
Banks / NBFCs ideally co -invest in the same structure or take some other 
exposure on the same borrower in some other form. 
• Better Structuring: Single Loan Securitized Debt investments facilitates better 
structuring than investments in plain vanilla debt instruments as it is governed 
by Securitization guidelines issued by RBI. 
• Better Legal documentation: Single Loan Securitized Debt structures involve 
better legal documentation than Non -Convertible Debenture (NCD) 
investments. 
• End use of funds: Securitized debt has better standards of disclosures as well 
as limitation on end use of funds as compared to NCD investments wherein the 
end use is general corporate purpose. 
• Yield enhancer: Single Loan Securitized Debt investments give higher returns as 
compared to NCD investments in same corporate exposure. 
• Regulator supervision: Macro level supervision from RBI in Securitization 
Investments as compared to NCD investments. 
• Tighter covenants: Single Loan Securitized Debt structures involve tighter 
financial covenants than NCD investments. 
 
➢ Disadvantages of Investments in Single Loan Securitized Debt 
 
• Liquidity risk: Investments in Single Loan Securitized Debts have relatively less 
liquidity as compared to investments in NCDs. 
• Co-mingling risk: Servicers in a securitization transaction normally deposit all 
payments received from the obligors into a collection account. However, there 
could be a time gap between collection by a servicer and depositing the same 
into the collection account. In this interim period, collections from the loan 
agreements by the servicer may not be segregated from other funds of the 
servicer. If the servicer fails to remit such funds due to investors, investors in 
the Scheme may be exposed to a potential loss. 
 
Table below illustrates the framework that may be applied while evaluating investment 
decision relating to a pool securitization transaction: 
 
Characteristics/Type 
of Pool 
Mortga
ge 
Loan 
Commercial 
Vehicle and 
Construction 
Equipment 
CAR 2 
wheele
rs 
Micro 
Finance 
Pools 
Personal 
Loans 
Approximate 
Average maturity (in 
Months) 
36-120 
months 
12- 60 months 12-60 
months 
15-48 
months 
15-80 
weeks 
5 months 
-3 years 
Collateral margin 
(including cash 
,guarantees, excess 
3-10% 4-12% 4-13% 4-15% 5-15% 5-15%

[Page 38]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
interest spread , 
subordinate tranche) 
 Average Loan to 
Value Ratio 
75%-
95% 
80%-98% 75%-
95% 
70%-
95% 
Unsecure
d 
Unsecure
d 
 Average seasoning 
of the Pool 
3-5 
months 
3-6 months 3-6 
months 
3-5 
months 
2-7 weeks 1-5 
months 
Maximum single 
exposure range 
4-5% 3-4% NA 
(Retail 
Pool) 
NA 
(Retail 
Pool) 
NA (Very 
Small 
Retail 
loan) 
NA (Retail 
Pool) 
 Average single 
exposure range % 
0.5%-
3% 
0.5%-3% <1% of 
the Fund 
size 
<1% of 
the 
Fund 
size 
<1% of 
the Fund 
size 
<1% of 
the Fund 
size 
 
Notes: 
1. Retail pools are the loan pools relating to Car, 2 wheelers, micro finance and 
personal loans, wherein the average loan size is relatively small and spread over large 
number of borrowers. 
2. Information illustrated in the Tables above, is based on the current scenario relating 
to Securitized Debt market and is subject to change depending upon the change in 
the related factors. 
3. The level of diversification with respect to the underlying assets, and risk mitigation 
measures for less diversified investments 
4. Majority of our securitized debt investments shall be in asset backed pools wherein 
the AMC may have underlying assets as Medium and Heavy Commercial Vehicles, 
Light Commercial Vehicles (LCV), Cars, and Construction Equipment etc. Where the 
AMC invests in Single Loan Securitization, as the credit is on the underlying issuer, 
the AMC focuses on the credit review of the borrower. 
 
In addition to the framework as per the table above, the AMC also take into account 
following factors, which are analyzed to ensure diversification of risk and measures 
identified for less diversified investments: 
• Size of the Loan 
The AMC generally analyze the size of each loan on a sample basis and analyze a static 
pool of the originator to ensure the same matches the static pool characteristics. Also 
indicates whether there is excessive reliance on very small ticket size, which may result 
in difficult and costly recoveries. To illustrate, the ticket size of housing loans is 
generally higher than that of personal loans. Hence in the construction of a housing 
loan asset pool for say Rs.1,00,00,000/ - it may be easier to construct a po ol with just 
10 housing loans of Rs.10,00,000 each rather than to construct a pool of personal loans 
as the ticket size of personal loans may rarely exceed Rs.5,00,000/- per individual. Also 
to amplify this illustration further, if one were to construct a pool of Rs.1,00,00,000/- 
consisting of personal loans of Rs.1,00,000/- each, the larger number of contracts (100 
as against one of 10 housing loans of Rs.10 lakh each) automatically diversifies the risk

[Page 39]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
profile of the pool as compared to a housing loan based asset pool. 
 
 
 
• Average Original Maturity of the Pool 
 
Indicates the original repayment period and whether the loan tenors are in line with 
industry averages and borrower’s repayment capacity. To illustrate, in a car pool 
consisting of 60-month contracts, the original maturity and the residual maturity of the 
pool viz. number of remaining installments to be paid gives a better idea of the risk of 
default of the pool itself. If in a pool of 100 car loans having original maturity of 60 
months, if more than 70% of the contracts have paid more than 50% of the installments 
and if no default has been observed in such contracts, this is a far superior portfolio 
than a similar car loan pool where 80% of the contracts have not even crossed 5 
installments. 
 
• Default Rate Distribution 
 
The AMC generally ensure that all the contracts in the pools are current to ensure zero 
default rate distribution. Indicates how much % of the pool and overall portfolio of the 
originator is current, how much is in 0-30 DPD (days past due), 30-60 DPD, 60-90 DPD 
and so on. The rationale here being, as against 0 -30 DPD, the 60-90 DPD is certainly 
a higher risk category. 
 
• Geographical Distribution 
 
Regional/state/ branch distribution is preferred to avoid concentration of assets in a 
particular region/state/branch. 
 
• Loan to Value Ratio 
 
Indicates how much % value of the asset is financed by borrower’s own equity. The 
lower LTV, the better it is. This Ratio stems from the principle that where the borrowers 
own contribution of the asset cost is high, the chances of default are lower. To illustrate 
for a Truck costing Rs.20 lakhs, if the borrower has himself contributed Rs.10 lakh and 
has taken only Rs.10 lakh as a loan, he is going to have lesser propensity to default as 
he would lose an asset worth Rs.20 lakhs if he defaults in repaying an installment. This 
is as against a borrower who may meet only Rs.2 lakh out of his own equity for a truck 
costing Rs.20 lakh. Between the two scenarios given above, the latter would have 
higher risk of default than the former. 
 
• Average seasoning of the pool 
 
Indicates whether borrowers have already displayed repayment discipline. To 
illustrate, in the case of a personal loan, if a pool of assets consists of those who have 
already repaid 80% of the installments without default, this certainly is a superior asset 
pool than one where only 10% of installments have been paid. In the former case, the 
portfolio has already demonstrated that the repayment discipline is far higher.

[Page 40]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
• Risk Tranching 
 
Typically, the AMC may avoid investing in mezzanine debt or equity of Securitized debt 
in the form of sub ordinate tranche, without specific risk mitigant strategies / additional 
cash / security collaterals/ guarantees, etc. 
 
• The mechanism to tackle conflict of interest when the mutual fund invests in 
securitized debt of an originator and the originator in turn makes investments in 
that particular scheme of the fund 
 
Investments made by the scheme in any asset are done based on the requirements of 
the scheme and is in accordance with the investment policy. All Investments are made 
entirely at an arm's length basis with no consideration of any existing / consequent 
investments by any party related to the transaction (originator, issuer, borrower etc. ). 
Investments made in Securitized debt are made as per the Investment pattern of the 
Scheme and are done after detailed analysis of the underlying asset. There might be 
instances of Originator investing in the same scheme but both the transactions are at 
arm's length and avoid any conflict of interest. In addition to internal controls in the 
fixed income investment process, there is regular monitoring by the compliance team, 
risk management group, and internal review teams. Normally the issuer who is 
securitizing instrument is in need of money and is unlikely to have long term surplus to 
invest in mutual fund scheme. 
 
• In general, the resources and mechanism of individual risk assessment with the 
AMC for monitoring investment in securitized debt 
 
The risk assessment process for securitized debt, as detailed in the preceding 
paragraphs, is same as any other credit. The investments in securitized debt are done 
after appropriate research. The ratings are monitored for any movement. Monthly Pool 
Performance MIS is received from the trustee and is analyzed for any variation. The 
entire securitized portfolio is published in the fact sheet and disclosed in the website 
with details of underlying exposure and originator. 
 
➢ Risk factors associated with investments in Perpetual Debt Instrument (PDI) 
 
Perpetual Debt instruments are issued by Banks, non -banking financial institutions 
(NBFCs) and corporates to improve their capital profile. Some of the PDIs issued by Banks 
which are governed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) guidelines for Basel III Capi tal 
Regulations are referred to as Additional Tier I (AT1 bonds). While there are no regulatory 
guidelines for issuance of PDIs by corporate bodies, NBFCs issue these bonds as per 
guidelines issued by RBI. The instruments are treated as perpetual in nature as there is no 
fixed maturity date. The key risks associated with these instruments are highlighted below: 
 
Risk on coupon servicing 
Banks 
As per the terms of the instruments, Banks may have discretion at all times to cancel 
distributions/payment of coupons. 
NBFCs

[Page 41]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
While NBFCs may have discretion at all times to cancel payment of coupon, coupon may 
also be deferred (instead of being cancelled), in case paying the coupon leads to breach of 
capital ratios. 
Corporates 
Corporates usually have discretion to defer the payment of coupon. However, the coupon 
is usually cumulative and any deferred coupon shall accrue interest at the original coupon 
rate of the PDI. 
 
Risk of write-down or conversion into equity 
Banks 
As per the regulatory requirements, Banks have to maintain a minimum Common Equity 
Tier-1 (CET-1) ratio of Risk Weighted Assets (RWAs), failing which the AT -1 bonds can 
get written down. Further, AT -1 Bonds are liable to be written down or converted to 
common equity, at the discretion of RBI, in the event of Point of Non Viability Trigger 
(PONV). PONV is a point, determined by RBI, when a bank is deemed to have become non-
viable unless there is a write off/ conversion to equity of AT -1 Bonds or a public sector 
capital injection happens. The write off/conversion has to occur prior to public sector 
injection of capital. This risk is not applicable in case of NBFCs and Corporates. 
 
Risk of instrument not being called by the Issuer 
Banks 
The issuing banks have an option to call back the instrument after minimum period as per 
the regulatory requirement from the date of issuance and specified period thereafter, 
subject to meeting the RBI guidelines. However, if the bank does not exercise the call on 
first call date, the Scheme may have to hold the instruments for a period beyond the first 
call exercise date. 
 
NBFCs 
The NBFC issuer has an option to call back the instrument after minimum period as per the 
regulatory requirement from date of issuance and specified period thereafter, subject to 
meeting the RBI guidelines. However, if the NBFC does not exercise the call o ption the 
Scheme may have to hold the instruments for a period beyond the first call exercise date. 
 
Corporates 
There is no minimum period for call date. However, if the corporate does not exercise the 
call option, the Scheme may have to hold the instruments for a period beyond the call 
exercise date. 
 
 
➢ Risks associated with investing in Tri Party Repo through CCIL (TREPS): 
 
The mutual fund is a member of securities segment and Tri-party Repo trade settlement 
of the Clearing Corporation of India (CCIL). All transactions of the mutual fund in 
government securities and in Tri -party Repo trades are settled centrally through the 
infrastructure and settlement systems provided by CCIL; thus reducing the settlement 
and counterparty risks considerably for transactions in the said segments. 
 
CCIL maintains prefunded resources in all the clearing segments to cover potential losses 
arising from the default member. In the event of a clearing member failing to honour his 
settlement obligations, the default Fund is utilized to complete the settleme nt. The 
sequence in which the above resources are used is known as the “Default Waterfall”.

[Page 42]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
As per the waterfall mechanism, after the defaulter’s margins and the defaulter’s 
contribution to the default fund have been appropriated, CCIL’s contribution is used to 
meet the losses. Post utilization of CCIL’s contribution if there is a residual loss, it is 
appropriated from the default fund contributions of the non-defaulting members. 
 
Thus the scheme is subject to risk of the initial margin and default fund contribution being 
invoked in the event of failure of any settlement obligations. In addition, the fund 
contribution is allowed to be used to meet the residual loss in case of default by the other 
clearing member (the defaulting member). 
 
However, it may be noted that a member shall have the right to submit resignation from 
the membership of the Security segment if it has taken a loss through replenishment of 
its contribution to the default fund for the segments and a loss threshold as notified have 
been reached. The maximum contribution of a member towards replenishment of its 
contribution to the default fund in the 7 days (30 days in case of securities segment) 
period immediately after the afore-mentioned loss threshold having been reached shall 
not exceed 5 times of its contribution to the Default Fund based on the last re -
computation of the Default Fund or specified amount, whichever is lower. 
 
Further, it may be noted that, CCIL periodically prescribes a list of securities eligible for 
contributions as collateral by members. Presently, all Central Government securities and 
Treasury bills are accepted as collateral by CCIL. The risk factors may u ndergo change 
in case the CCIL notifies securities other than Government of India securities as eligible 
for contribution as collateral. 
 
➢ Risks associated with Repo Transactions in Corporate Debt Securities 
 
Lending transactions: 
 
The scheme may be exposed to counter party risk in case of repo lending transactions 
in the event of the counterparty failing to honour the repurchase agreement. However, 
in repo lending transactions, the collateral may be sold and a loss is realized only if the 
sale price is less than the repo amount. The risk may be further mitigated through over-
collateralization (the value of the collateral being more than the repo amount). Further, 
the liquidation of underlying securities in case of counterparty default would depend on 
liquidity of the securities and market conditions at that time. It is endeavoured to 
mitigate the risk by following an appropriate counterparty selection process, which 
include their credit profile evaluation and over -collateralization to cushion the impact 
of market risk on sale of underlying security. 
 
Borrowing transactions: 
 
In the event of the scheme being unable to pay back the money to the counterparty as 
contracted, the counter party may dispose of the assets (as they have sufficient margin). 
This risk is normally mitigated by better cash flow planning to take care of such 
repayments. Further, there is also a Credit Risk that the Counterparty may fail to return 
the security or Interest received on due date. 
 
C. Risk Mitigation Startegies 
 
The Scheme by utilizing a holistic risk management strategy will endeavor to manage 
risks associated with investing in equity and debt markets. The risk control process

[Page 43]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
involves identifying & measuring the risk through various risk measurement tools. 
 
The Scheme has identified following risks of investing in equity and debt securities and 
designed risk management strategies, which are embedded in the investment process to 
manage such risks. 
 
Risks associated with Equity investments 
Concentration Risk 
Concentration risk represents the 
probability of loss arising from heavily 
lopsided exposure to a particular group of 
sectors or securities. 
The Scheme will try and mitigate this 
risk by investing across large number of 
companies/sectors and endeavor to 
keep stock -specific concentration risk 
relatively low. 
Market Risk 
The scheme is vulnerable to movements in 
the prices of securities invested by the 
scheme, which could have a material 
bearing on the overall returns from the 
scheme 
 
Market risk is a risk which is inherent to 
an equity scheme. The Scheme may use 
derivatives to limit this risk. 
 
Liquidity risk 
The liquidity of the Scheme’s investments is 
inherently restricted by trading volumes in 
the securities in which it invests. 
 
 
As such the liquidity of stocks that the 
fund invests into could be relatively low. 
The fund will try to maintain a proper 
asset-liability match to ensure 
redemption / Maturity payments are 
made on time and not affected by 
illiquidity of the underlying stocks. 
 
Currency Risk 
The Scheme may invest in foreign securities 
as permitted by the concerned regulatory 
authorities in India. Since the assets will be 
invested in securities denominated in 
foreign currency (US$), the INR equivalent 
of the net assets, distributions and income 
may be advers ely affected by changes / 
fluctuations in the value of the foreign 
currencies relative to the INR. 
 
The Scheme may employ various 
measures (as permitted by SEBI/RBI) 
including but not restricted to currency 
hedging (such as currency options and 
forward currency exchange contracts, 
currency futures, written call options 
and purchased put options on 
currencies and currency swaps), to 
manage foreign exchange movements 
arising out of investment in foreign 
securities. 
 
All currency derivatives trade, if any will 
be done only through the stock 
exchange platform. 
 
Risks associated with Debt investment 
Market Risk/ Interest Rate Risk 
As with all debt securities, changes in 
interest rates may affect the Scheme’s Net 
Asset Value as the prices of securities 
generally increase as interest rates decline 
and generally decrease as interest rates rise. 
Prices of long -term securities generally 
In a rising interest rates scenario the 
scheme will increase its investment in 
money market securities whereas if the 
interest rates are expected to fall the 
allocation to debt securities with longer 
maturity will be increased thereby 
mitigating risk to that extent.

[Page 44]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
fluctuate more in response to interest rate 
changes than do short -term securities. 
Indian debt markets can be volatile leading 
to the possibility of price movements up or 
down in fixed income securities and thereby 
to possible movements in the NAV. 
 
Liquidity or Marketability Risk 
This refers to the ease with which a security 
can be sold at or near to its valuation yield -
to-maturity (YTM). 
The Scheme may invest in government 
securities, corporate bonds and money 
market instruments. While the liquidity 
risk for government securities, money 
market instruments and short maturity 
corporate bonds may be low, it may be 
high in case of medium to long maturity 
corporate bonds. 
 
The Schemes will however, endeavor to 
minimize liquidity risk by investing in 
securities having a relatively liquid 
market. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk or default risk refers to the risk 
that an issuer of a fixed income security may 
default (i.e., will be unable to make timely 
principal and interest payments on the 
security). 
Management analysis will be used for 
identifying company specific risks. In 
order to assess financial risk, a detailed 
assessment of the issuer’s financial 
statements will be undertaken to 
review its ability to undergo stress on 
cash flows and asset quality. A detailed 
evaluation of accounting policies, off -
balance sheet exposures, notes, 
auditors’ comments and disclosure 
standards will also be made to assess 
the overall financial risk of the potential 
borrower 
 
Reinvestment Risk 
This risk refers to the interest rate levels at 
which cash flows received from the 
securities in the Schemes are reinvested The 
risk is that the rate at which interim cash 
flows can be reinvested may be lower than 
that originally assumed. 
Reinvestment risks will be limited to the 
extent of coupons received on debt 
instruments, which will be a very small 
portion of the portfolio value. 
Currency Risk 
The Scheme may invest in foreign securities 
as permitted by the concerned regulatory 
authorities in India. Since the assets will be 
invested in securities denominated in foreign 
currency (US$), the INR equivalent of the net 
assets, distributions and income may be 
adversely affected by changes / fluctuations 
in the value of the foreign currencies relative 
to the INR. 
The Schemes may employ various 
measures (as permitted by SEBI/RBI) 
including but not restricted to currency 
hedging (such as currency options and 
forward currency exchange contracts, 
currency futures, written call options 
and purchased put options on 
currencies and currency swaps), to 
manage foreign exchange movements 
arising out of investment in foreign 
securities.

[Page 45]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
All currency derivatives trade, if any will 
be done only through the stock 
exchange platform. 
 
Note: The information contained herein is based on current market conditions and may 
change from time to time based on changes in such conditions, regulatory changes and other 
relevant factors. Accordingly, our investment strategy, risk mitigation measures and other 
information contained herein may change in response to the same. 
 
 
 
 
 
II. Information about the scheme 
 
A. Where will the scheme invest? 
 
Subject to the Regulations, the corpus of the Scheme can be invested in any (but not 
exclusively) of the following securities: 
 
a) Equity and equity related securities including convertible bonds and debentures 
and warrants carrying the right to obtain equity shares. 
b) Securities created and issued by the Central and State Governments and/or 
repos/reverse repos in such Government Securities as may be permitted by RBI 
(including but not limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon bonds and 
treasury bills) 
c) Securities guaranteed by the Central and State Governments (including but not 
limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon bonds and treasury bills) 
d) Debt securities issued by domestic Government agencies and statutory bodies, 
which may or may not carry a Central/State Government guarantee 
e) Corporate debt securities (of both public and private sector undertakings) 
f) Obligations or Securities issued by banks (both public and private sector) 
including term deposits as permitted by SEBI / RBI from time to time and 
development financial institutions 
g) Money market instruments as permitted by SEBI/RBI 
h) Securitised Debt 
i) The non-convertible part of convertible securities 
j) Any other domestic fixed income securities as permitted by SEBI / RBI from time 
to time (including debt securities issued by REITs and INVITs) 
k) ADRs / GDRs / Foreign Securities/ Foreign ETFs as permitted by Reserve Bank of 
India and Securities and Exchange Board of India 
l) Any other security as may be permitted by SEBI. 
m) Repo transactions in corporate debt securities 
n) Units of Mutual Fund Schemes 
 
The portion of the Scheme’s portfolio invested in each type of security may vary in 
accordance with economic conditions, interest rates, liquidity and other relevant 
considerations, including the risks associated with each investment. The Scheme will, in 
order to reduce the risks associated with any one security, utilize a variety ossf 
investments. The Scheme will also invest in ADRs / GDRs / Foreign Debt Securities as 
permitted by Reserve Bank of India and Securities and Exchange Board of India.

[Page 46]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Investment in overseas securities shall be made in accordance with the requirements 
stipulated by SEBI and RBI from time to time. 
 
Subject to the Regulations, the securities mentioned in “Where will the Scheme invest” 
above could be listed, unlisted, privately placed, secured, unsecured, rated or unrated 
and of varying maturity. The securities may be acquired through Public Offerings, 
secondary market operations, private placement, rights offers or negotiated deals. 
 
The Scheme may also enter into repurchase and reverse repurchase obligations in all 
securities held by it as per the guidelines and regulations applicable to such transactions. 
Further the Scheme intends to participate in stock lending as permitted under the 
Regulations. 
 
POSITION OF DEBT MARKET IN INDIA 
 
There are three main segments in the debt markets in India, viz., Government Securities, 
Public Sector Units (PSU) bonds, and corporate securities. A bulk of the debt market 
consists of Government Securities. Other instruments available currently include Corporate 
Debentures, Bonds issued by Financial Institutions, Commercial Paper, Certificates of 
Deposits and Securitized Debt. Securities in the Debt market typically vary based on their 
tenure and rating. Government Securities have tenures from one year to thirty years 
whereas the maturity period of the Corporate Debt now goes upto sixty years and more 
 (perpetual). Perpetual bonds are issued by banks as well. Securities may be both listed 
and unlisted and there is increasing trend of securities of maturities of over one year being 
listed by issuers. 
 
The yields and liquidity on various securities as on September 30, 2025 are as under: 
 
B. What are the investment restrictions? 
 
As per the provisions of the Trust Deed read with the SEBI (MF) Regulations, the 
following investment restrictions apply in respect of the Schemes at the time of making 
investments. However, all investments by the Schemes will be made in accordance with 
the investment objective, asset allocation and where will the schemes invest, described 
earlier, as well as the SEBI (MF) Regulations, including schedule VII thereof, as amended 
from time to time. 
 
1. a) A mutual fund scheme shall not invest more than 10% of its NAV in debt instruments 
comprising money market instruments and non -money market instruments issued by a 
Issuer Instrument Maturity Yields (%) Liquidity 
GOI Treasury Bill 91 Days 5.44% High 
GOI Treasury Bill 364 Days 5.56% High 
GOI Short Dated 1-3 Years 5.61% - 5.93% High 
GOI Medium Dated 3-5 Years 5.93% - 6.21% High 
GOI Long Dated 5-10 Years 6.21% - 6.57 % High 
Corporates Taxable Bonds (AAA) 1-3 Years 6.72% - 6.96% Medium 
Corporates Taxable Bonds (AAA) 3-5 Years 6.96% - 7.00% Low to Medium 
Corporates CDs (A1+) 3 months 5.83% Medium to High 
Corporates CPs (A1+) 3 months 6.57% Medium to High

[Page 47]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
single issuer which are rated not below investment grade by a credit rating agency 
authorised to carry out such activity under the Act as per the following matrix. 
 
A mutual fund scheme shall not invest more than: 
 
a. 10% of its NAV in debt and money market securities rated AAA; or 
b. 8% of its NAV in debt and money market securities rated AA; or 
c. 6% of its NAV in debt and money market securities rated A and below 
issued by a single issuer. 
 
The above investment limits may be extended by up to 2% of the NAV of the scheme with 
prior approval of the Board of Trustees and Board of Directors of the AMC, subject to 
compliance with the overall 12% limit specified in clause 1 of Seventh Schedule of M F 
Regulation. 
 
b) Provided that such limit shall not be applicable for investments in Government 
Securities, treasury bills and TREPs: 
 
c) Provided further that investment within such limit can be made in mortgaged backed 
securitised debt which are rated not below investment grade by a credit rating agency 
registered with the Board. 
 
A mutual fund scheme shall not invest in unlisted debt instruments including commercial 
papers, except Government Securities and other money market instruments. 
 
2. Mutual fund schemes shall not invest in unlisted debt instruments including commercial 
papers (CPs), other than (a) government securities, (b) other money market instruments 
and (c) derivative products such as Interest Rate Swaps (IRS), Interest Rate Futures (IRF), 
etc. which are used by mutual funds for hedging. 
 
However, mutual fund schemes may invest in unlisted Non -Convertible Debentures 
(NCDs) not exceeding 10% of the debt portfolio, of the scheme subject to the condition 
that such unlisted NCDs have a simple structure (i.e. with fixed and uniform coupon, fixed 
maturity period, without any options, fully paid up upfront, without any credit 
enhancements or structured obligations) and are rated and secured with coupon payment 
frequency on monthly basis. 
 
For the above purposes, listed debt instruments shall include listed and to be listed debt 
instruments. 
 
3. The Scheme shall not invest more than 5% of its net assets in unrated debt and money 
market instruments, other than government securities, treasury bills, derivative products 
such as Interest Rate Swaps (IRS), Interest Rate Futures (IRF), etc. All such in vestments 
shall be made with the prior approval of the Board of Trustees and the Board of AMC. 
 
Investments should only be made in such instruments, including bills re -discounting, 
usance bills, etc., that are generally not rated and for which separate investment norms or 
limits are not provided in SEBI (Mutual Fund) Regulations, 1996 and various cir culars 
issued thereunder. 
 
4. The Fund under all its Schemes shall not own more than 10% of any company’s paid up 
capital carrying voting rights.

[Page 48]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
Provided, investment in the asset management company or the trustee company of a 
mutual fund shall be governed by clause (a), of sub-regulation (1), of regulation 7B 
 
5. The investment of mutual fund schemes in the following instruments shall not exceed 10% 
of the debt portfolio of the schemes and the group exposure in such instruments shall not 
exceed 5% of the debt portfolio of the schemes 
a. Unsupported rating of debt instruments (i.e. without factoring-in credit enhancements) is 
below investment grade and 
b. Supported rating of debt instruments (i.e. after factoring-in credit enhancement) is above 
investment grade. 
 
For the purpose of this provision, ‘Group’ shall have the same meaning as defined in 
paragraph 12.9.3.3 of the Master Circular.6. 
 
Investment limits as mentioned above shall not be applicable on investments in securitized 
debt instruments, as defined in SEBI (Public Offer and Listing of Securitized Debt 
Instruments) Regulations 2008. 
 
Investment in debt instruments, having credit enhancements backed by equity shares 
directly or indirectly, shall have a minimum cover of 4 times considering the market value 
of such shares. AMCs may ensure that the investment in debt instruments having cre dit 
enhancements are sufficiently covered to address the market volatility and reduce the 
inefficiencies of invoking of the pledge or cover, whenever required, without impacting the 
interest of the investors. In case of fall in the value of the cover below the specified limit, 
AMCs should initiate necessary steps to ensure protection of the interest of the investors. 
 
6. Transfer of investments from one Scheme to another Scheme in the same Mutual Fund is 
permitted provided: 
• Such transfers are done at the prevailing market price for quoted instruments on spot 
basis (spot basis shall have the same meaning as specified by a Stock Exchange for spot 
transactions); and 
• The securities so transferred shall be in conformity with the investment objective of the 
Scheme to which such transfer has been made. 
 
Further the inter Scheme transfer of investments shall be in accordance with the provisions 
contained in paragraph Inter-Scheme transfer of investments, in paragraph 12.30 of the 
Master Circular. 
 
7. The Scheme may invest in other Schemes under the same AMC or any other Mutual Fund 
without charging any fees, provided the aggregate inter-Scheme investment made by all 
the Schemes under the same management or in Schemes under management of any other 
asset management company shall not exceed 5% of the Net Asset Value of the Fund. No 
investment management fees shall be charged for investing in other Schemes of the Fund 
or in the Schemes of any other mutual fund. 
 
8. The Mutual Fund shall buy and sell securities on the basis of deliveries and shall in all 
cases of purchases, take delivery of relevant securities and in all cases of sale, deliver the 
securities: 
 
Provided that a mutual fund may engage in short selling of securities in accordance with 
the framework relating to short selling and securities lending and borrowing specified by

[Page 49]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
SEBI. 
 
Provided further that the Mutual Fund may enter into derivatives transactions in a 
recognized stock exchange, subject to the framework specified by SEBI 
 
Provided further that sale of government security already contracted for purchase shall 
be permitted in accordance with the guidelines issued by the RBI in this regard 
 
9. The Fund shall get the securities purchased transferred in the name of the Fund on account 
of the concerned Scheme, wherever investments are intended to be of a long-term nature. 
 
10. Pending deployment of funds of the Schemes in terms of the investment objective of the 
Schemes, the Mutual Fund may invest them in short term deposits of scheduled 
commercial banks in accordance withparagraph 12.16 of the Master Circular . The 
following guidelines shall be followed for parking of funds in short term deposits of 
Scheduled commercial Banks pending deployment: 
a. “Short Term” for such parking of funds by mutual funds shall be treated as a period not 
exceeding 91 days. 
b. Such short term deposits shall be held in the name of the concerned Scheme. 
c. No mutual fund Scheme shall park more than 15% of the net assets in Short term 
deposit(s) of all the scheduled commercial banks put together. However, it may be raised 
to 20% with prior approval of the trustees. Also, parking of funds in short term deposits of 
associate and sponsor scheduled commercial banks together shall not exceed 20% of total 
deployment by the mutual fund in short term deposits. 
d. No mutual fund Scheme shall park more than 10% of the net assets in short term 
deposit(s), with any one scheduled commercial bank including its subsidiaries. 
e. Trustees/Asset Management Companies (AMCs) shall ensure that no funds of a scheme 
are parked in short term deposit (STD) of a bank which has invested in that scheme. 
Trustees/AMCs shall also ensure that the bank in which a scheme has STD does not invest 
in the said scheme until the scheme has STD with such bank. 
f. The above conditions are not applicable to term deposits placed as margins for trading 
in cash and derivative market. 
g. Asset Management Company (AMC) shall not be permitted to charge any investment 
management and advisory fees for parking of funds in short term deposits of scheduled 
commercial banks. 
 
11. No mutual fund Scheme shall make any investments in; 
a) any unlisted security of an associate or group company of the sponsor; or 
b) any security issued by way of private placement by an associate or group company 
of the Sponsor; or 
c) the listed securities of group companies of the Sponsor which is in excess of 25% 
of its net assets except for investments by equity oriented exchange traded funds and 
index funds and subject to such conditions as may be specified by the Board. 
 
12. The scheme shall not invest in Fund of funds scheme. 
 
13. No mutual fund Scheme shall invest more than 10% of its NAV in equity shares or equity 
related instruments of any one company. 
 
14. All investments by a mutual fund scheme in equity shares and equity related instruments 
shall only be made provided such securities are listed or to be listed

[Page 50]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
15. No loans for any purpose can be advanced by the Scheme. 
 
16. The Fund shall not borrow except to meet temporary liquidity needs of the Fund for the 
purpose of repurchase/ redemption of units or payment of interest or IDCW to the unit 
holders. Such borrowings shall not exceed more than 20% of the net assets of the 
individual Scheme and the duration of the borrowing shall not exceed a period of 6 
months. 
 
17. If any company invests more than 5% of the NAV of any of the Scheme, investments made 
by that or any other schemes of the Mutual Fund in that company or its subsidiaries will 
be disclosed in accordance with the SEBI (MF) Regulations. 
 
18. The Mutual Fund having an aggregate of securities which are worth Rs.10 crores or more, 
as on the latest balance sheet date, shall subject to such instructions as may be issued 
from time to time by the Board, settle their transactions entered on or after January 15, 
1998 only through dematerialised securities. Further all transactions in government 
securities shall be in dematerialised form. 
 
19. Below stated conditions and norms shall apply to repo in corporate debt securities, which 
are subject to change as may be prescribed by SEBI and/or RBI from time to time: 
a) Any scheme shall not lend/borrow more than 10% of its net assets in repo against 
corporate debt securities. 
 
b) The cumulative gross exposure through repo transactions in corporate debt securities 
along with equity, debt, derivatives and any other permitted assets shall not exceed 100% 
of the net assets of the Scheme. 
 
c) The Scheme shall borrow through repo transactions only if the tenor of the transaction 
does not exceed a period of six months. 
 
d) The exposure limit/investment restrictions prescribed under the Seventh Schedule of the 
Regulations and circulars issued there under (wherever applicable) shall be applicable to 
repo transactions in corporate debt securities. 
 
e) Counterparty selection & credit rating: 
The AMC follows an issuer selection and approval process for fixed income investments 
and the same shall be used for selection of counterparties for repo in corporate debt 
securities. Repo transactions shall be carried out with only those counterparties who have 
a credit rating of ‘AA and above’ (Long term rating) or ‘A1+’ (Short term rating) provided 
by any credit rating agency as accredited by SEBI from time to time. 
 
f) Tenor of Repo: 
Tenor of repo shall not exceed 6 months. There shall be no restriction/limitation on the 
tenor of collateral. 
 
g) Applicable haircut: 
The AMC would be guided by the parameters for applying haircut as may be specified by 
RBI and/or SEBI for undertaking repo in corporate debt securities, from time to time. 
 
h) Rating of underlying instruments: 
 
The schemes shall participate in repo transactions only in AA (or equivalent short term

[Page 51]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
rating) and above rated corporate debt securities. 
 
20. The Scheme will comply with any other Regulation applicable to the investments of mutual 
funds from time to time. 
 
21. The Scheme may invest in certain debt instruments with special features viz. subordination 
to equity (absorbs losses before equity capital) and /or convertible to equity upon trigger 
of a pre-specified event for loss absorption. Additional Tier I bonds and Tier 2 bonds issued 
under Basel III framework are some instruments which may have above referred special 
features. The debt instruments having such special features as referred above, which 
otherwise are Non -Convertible Debentures, may be treated as debt instruments until 
converted to equity. 
 
i. no Mutual Fund under all its schemes shall own more than 10% of such instruments 
issued by a single issuer 
ii. a Mutual Fund scheme shall not invest: 
 
a. more than 10% of its NAV of the debt portfolio of the scheme in such instruments; 
and 
b. more than 5% of its NAV of the debt portfolio of the scheme in such instruments 
issued by a single issuer. 
 
All investment restrictions shall be applicable at the time of making investment. 
 
The Trustee /AMC may alter the above stated limitations from time to time, and also to 
the extent the SEBI (MF) Regulations change, so as to permit the Schemes to make their 
investments in the full spectrum of permitted investments in order to achieve their 
investment objective. 
 
C. Fundamental Attributes 
 
Following are the Fundamental Attributes of the Scheme, in terms of Regulation 18 
(15A) subject to compliance with sub-regulation (26) of regulation 25 of the SEBI (MF) 
Regulations: 
 
(i) Type of Scheme: 
 
For details on type of Scheme, please refer “Highlights/Summary of The Scheme”. 
 
(ii) Investment Objective 
 
Main Objective - Please refer “Highlights/Summary of The Scheme”. 
 
Investment pattern – The tentative portfolio break -up of Equity and Debt and other 
permitted securities and such other securities as may be permitted by the SEBI from 
time to time with minimum and maximum asset allocation, while retaining the option to 
alter the asset allocation for a short term period on defensive considerations. 
 
(iii) Terms of Issue 
 
a) Liquidity provisions such as listing, repurchase, redemption:

[Page 52]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
Listing: Being an open ended scheme, the Units of the Scheme will not be listed on 
any stock exchange, at present. The Trustee may, at its sole discretion, cause the 
Units under the Scheme to be listed on one or more Stock Exchanges. Notification of 
the same will be made through Customer Service Centres of the AMC and as may 
be required by the respective Stock Exchanges. 
 
For details on redemption, repurchase of units, please refer Redemption of Units. 
 
b) Aggregate fees and expenses charged to the Scheme: 
 For details on redemption of units, please refer Section “FEES AND EXPENSES” 
 
c) Any safety net or guarantee provided: 
 The Scheme does not provide guaranteed or assured return 
 
Changes in Fundamental Attributes: 
 
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 
and paragraph 1.14.1.4 of the Master Circular, the Trustees shall ensure that no change 
in the fundamental attributes of the Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder or 
the trust or fee and expenses payable or any other change which would modify the 
Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder and affect the interests of Unitholders 
is carried out unless it complies with sub -regulation (26) of regulation 25 of these 
regulations as follows: 
 
• An application has been made with SEBI and views/comments of SEBI are sought 
on the proposal for fundamental attribute changes; 
• An addendum to the existing SID shall be issued and displayed on AMC website 
immediately, 
• SID shall be revised and updated immediately after completion of duration of the 
exit option (not less than 30 days), 
• A public notice shall be given in respect of such changes in one English daily 
newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper published in 
the language of region where the Head Office of the Mutual Fund is situated, and 
the Unitholders are given an option for a period of 30 days to exit at the prevailing 
Net Asset Value without any exit load. 
 
D. Other Scheme Specific Disclosures: 
 
Listing and transfer of units Listing: 
Being an open ended scheme, the Units of the 
Scheme will not be listed on any stock 
exchange, at present. The Trustee may, at its 
sole discretion, cause the Units under the 
Scheme to be listed on one or more Stock 
Exchanges. Notification of the same will b e 
made through Customer Service Centres of 
the AMC and as may be required by the 
respective Stock Exchanges. 
 
Transfer:

[Page 53]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Pursuant to paragraph 14.4.4 of the Master 
Circular, the Units of the Scheme can be 
transferred freely in demat form or in 
statement of Account (SOA) mode. For Details 
process on transfer of units under SOA mode, 
please refer SAI. 
Dematerialization of units The asset management company shall issue 
units in dematerialized form to a unit holder in 
a scheme within two business day s of the 
receipt of request from the unit holder subject 
to receipt of complete documents and details 
from the investor. 
 
Unit holders can convert their existing physical 
units (represented by statement of acc ount) 
into dematerialized form, for further details, 
please refer to SAI. 
Policy for declaration of Income 
Distribution cum capital withdrawal 
(IDCW Policy) 
(i) Growth Option 
The Scheme will not declare any IDCW under 
this option. The income earned by the Scheme 
will remain reinvested in the Scheme and will 
be reflected in the Net Asset Value. This option 
is suitable for investors who are not looking for 
regular income but who have invested with the 
intention of capital appreciation. 
 
(ii) IDCW Option 
This option is suitable for investors seeking 
income through IDCW declared by the Scheme. 
The Trustee may approve the distributio n of 
IDCW by AMC out of the distributable surplus 
under this Option. The remaining distributable 
surplus after considering the IDCW and tax, if 
any, payable there on will be ploughed back in 
the Scheme and be reflected in the NAV. 
 
(iii) IDCW Payout: 
As per the SEBI (MF) Regulations, the IDCW 
warrants shall be dispatched to the Unit 
Holders, within 7 business days from the record 
date. IDCW will be payable to those Unit 
Holders whose names appear in the Register of 
Unit Holders on the date (Record Date). IDCW 
will be paid by cheque, net of taxes as may be 
applicable. Unit Holders will also have the 
option of direct payment of IDCW to the bank 
account. The cheques will be drawn in the 
name of the sole/first holder and will be posted 
to the Registered address of the sole/first 
holder as indicated in the original application

[Page 54]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
form. To safeguard the interest of Unit Holders 
from loss or theft of IDCW cheques, investors 
should provide the name of their bank, branch 
and account number in the application form. 
IDCW cheques will be sent to the Unit Holder 
after incorporating such in formation. The 
minimum amount for IDCW payout shall be 
Rs.100, else IDCW would be mandatorily 
reinvested 
 
(iv) IDCW Reinvestment: 
The investors opting for IDCW Option may 
choose to reinvest the IDCW to be received by 
them in additional Units of the Scheme. Under 
this provision, the IDCW due and payable to 
the Unitholders will be compulsorily and 
without any further act by the Unitholders 
reinvested in the Scheme (under the IDCW 
Option, at the first ex - IDCW NAV). The IDCW 
so reinvested shall be constructive payment of 
IDCW to the Unitholders and constructive 
receipt of the same amount from each 
Unitholder for reinvestment in Units. On 
reinvestment of IDCW, the number of Units to 
the credit of Unitholder will increase to the 
extent of the IDCW reinvested by the NAV 
applicable on the day of reinvestment, as 
explained above. 
 
(V) IDCW Transfer 
IDCW Transfer facility will be available under 
the scheme. 
 
The designated schemes (source and target 
schemes) for this facility are as given below: 
 
Source schemes - all schemes where IDCW 
option is available [except (i) Exchange Traded 
Funds (ETFs) and (ii) separate plans under ICICI 
Prudential Overnight Fund for deployment of 
unclaimed amounts viz ICICI Prudential 
Overnight Fund - Unclaimed Redemption, ICICI 
Prudential Overnight Fund - Unclaimed IDCW, 
ICICI Prudential Overnight Fund - Unclaimed 
Redemption Investor Education and ICICI 
Prudential Overnight Fund - Unclaimed IDCW 
Investor Education] 
Target schemes - all open ended schemes 
where subscription is allowed [except (i) 
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and (ii) 
separate plans under ICICI Prudential

[Page 55]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Overnight Fund for deployment of unclaimed 
amounts viz ICICI Prudential Overnight Fund - 
Unclaimed Redemption, ICICI Prudential 
Overnight Fund - Unclaimed IDCW, ICICI 
Prudential Overnight Fund - Unclaimed 
Redemption Investor Education and ICICI 
Prudential Overnight Fund - Unclaimed IDCW 
Investor Education] 
 
Note: Investors are requested to note that any 
change in IDCW sub-option, due to additional 
investment or on the basis of a request received 
from the investor, will be applicable to all 
existing units in the IDCW option of the Scheme 
under the respective folio. 
 
The Trustee reserves the right to declare IDCW 
under the IDCW option of the Scheme 
depending on the net distributable surplus 
available under the Scheme. It should, 
however, be noted that actual distribution of 
IDCW and the frequency of distribution will 
depend, inter -alia, on the availability of 
distributable surplus and will be entirely at the 
discretion of the Trustee. 
 
The IDCW will be distributed in accordance 
with Chapter 11 of the Master Circular on the 
procedure for IDCW Distribution. 
 
Equalization Reserve: When units are sold, and 
sale price (NAV) is higher than face value of the 
unit, a portion of sale price that represents 
realized gains is credited to an Equalization 
Reserve Account and which can be used to pay 
IDCW. IDCW can be distributed out of 
investors capital (Equalization Reserve), which 
is part of sale price that represents realized 
gains. 
Allotment (Detailed procedure) The AMC shall allot the units to the applicant 
whose valid application has been accepted and 
funds have been credited to the account . The 
AMC shall also send confirmation specifying 
the number of units allotted to the applicant by 
way of email and/or SMS’s to the applicant’s 
registered email address and/or registered 
mobile number not later than 5 working days 
from the date of receipt of the request from the 
unitholders 
 
Further, the asset management company 
shall issue units in dematerialized form to a

[Page 56]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
unit holder in a scheme within two business 
days of the receipt of request from the unit 
holder. 
Refund Not Applicable for ongoing schemes. 
Who can Invest? 
(This is an indicative list and investors 
shall consult their financial advisor to 
ascertain whether the scheme is 
suitable to their risk profile.) 
The following persons are eligible and may 
apply for subscription to the Units of the 
Scheme (subject, wherever relevant, to 
purchase of units of Mutual Funds being 
permitted under respective constitutions and 
relevant statutory regulations): 
• Resident adult individual either singly or 
jointly (not exceeding four) 
• Minor through parent/lawful guardian 
• Companies, Bodies Corporate, Public 
Sector Undertakings, association of 
persons or bodies of individuals and 
societies registered under the Societies 
Registration Act, 1860 (so long as the 
purchase of units is permitted under the 
respective constitutions) 
• Religious and Charitable Trusts (eligible to 
invest in certain securities) under the 
provisions of 11(5) of the Income -tax Act, 
1961 read with Rule 17C of Income -Tax 
Rules, 1962 subject to the provisions of the 
respective constitutions under which they 
are established permits to invest 
• Any other trust, including private trusts as 
may be permitted by their respective 
Regulator 
• Non-Government Organizations as may 
be permitted by their respective Regulator. 
• Partnership Firms 
• Karta of Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) 
• Banks & Financial Institutions 
• Non-resident Indians/Persons of Indian 
origin residing abroad (NRIs) on full 
repatriation basis or on non -repatriation 
basis 
• Army, Air Force, Navy and other para -
military funds 
• Scientific and Industrial Research 
Organizations 
• Mutual fund Schemes 
• Alternate Investment Funds, Portfolio 
Management Services 
• Authorized Government entities as may be 
approved by State Governments or 
Central Government 
• EPFOs 
• Other individuals/institutions/body 
corporate etc. or any other permitted

[Page 57]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
category of investors 
 
Investors are requested to ensure 
compliance with the regulatory guidelines 
applicable to them, while making such 
investments. 
 
Every investor, depending on any of the 
above category under which he/she/ it falls, 
is required to provide the relevant documents 
along with the application form as may be 
prescribed by AMC. 
Who cannot invest? The following persons are not eligible to invest 
in the Scheme: 
• A person who falls within the definition of 
the term “U.S. Person” under ‘Regulation 
S’ promulgated under the Securities Act 
of 1933 of the United States, as 
amended, and corporations or other 
entities organised under the laws of the 
U.S. are not eligible to invest in the 
schemes and apply for subscription to the 
units of the schemes, except for lump sum 
subscription, systematic transactions 
and switch transactions requests 
received from Non -resident 
Indians/Persons of Indian origin who at 
the time of such investment, are present 
in India and submit a physical transaction 
request along with such documents as 
may be prescribed by ICICI Prudent ial 
Asset Management Company Limited 
(the AMC)/ICICI Prudential Trust Limited 
(the Trustee) from time to time. 
The AMC shall accept such investments 
subject to the applicable laws and such other 
terms and conditions as may be notified by 
the AMC/the Trustee. The investor shall be 
responsible for complying with all the 
applicable laws for such investments. 
The AMC reserves the right to put the 
transaction requests on hold/reject the 
transaction request/reverse allotted units, as 
the case may be, as and when identified by 
the AMC, which are not in compliance with 
the terms and conditions notified in this 
regard. 
• A person who is resident of Canada 
• Such other individuals/institutions/body 
corporate etc., as may be decided by the 
AMC from time to time.

[Page 58]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
How to Apply and other details Please refer to SAI for detailed process 
(physical and online) with respect to 
additional/ongoing purchase, Investments by 
NRIs (Non -Resident Indian), FPIs (Foreign 
Portfolio Investors) and Foreign Investors, Joint 
Applications etc. Investors can also read 
further details in the application form available 
on the AMC website under Downloads -> 
Forms on the following link: 
 
 Mutual Funds - Invest in Mutual Funds Online 
| ICICI Prudential MF 
 
Link for Official Points of Acceptance: 
SID related information (icicipruamc.com) 
 
Currently, the Mutual Fund / AMC has not 
appointed any collecting bankers for accepting 
application forms for existing schemes. The 
application forms will be accepted at any of 
the Investor Service Centres of the AMC or the 
designated branch offices of Com puter Age 
Management Services Ltd. (CAMS). 
 
Further, for details of R&T, Official Points of 
Acceptance please refer to the last section of 
the of the SID. 
 
It is mandatory for applicants to mention their 
bank account numbers in their applications for 
purchase or redemption of Units. If the 
Unitholder fails to provide the Bank mandate, 
the request for redemption would be 
considered as not valid and the Scheme 
retains the right to withhold the redemption 
until a proper bank mandate is furnished by 
the Unit-holder and the provision with respect 
of penal interest in such cases will not be 
applicable/ entertained. 
 
Kindly refer to below link for list of official 
points of acceptance, collecting banker details 
etc. 
 SID related information (icicipruamc.com) 
The policy regarding reissue of 
repurchased units, including the 
maximum extent, the manner of 
reissue, the entity (the Scheme or 
the AMC) involved in the same. 
Not Applicable 
Restrictions, if any, on the right 
to freely retain or dispose of units 
being offered. 
Subscription: 
In the interest of the investors and in order to 
protect the portfolio from market volatility, the

[Page 59]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Trustees reserve the right to limit or 
discontinue subscriptions under the Scheme 
for a specified period of time or till further 
notice. 
 
Redemption: 
Suspension or restriction of repurchase/ 
redemption facility under any Scheme of the 
mutual fund shall be made applicable only 
after obtaining the approval from the Boards 
of Directors of the AMC and the Trustees. 
After obtaining the approval from the AMC 
Board and the Trustees, intimation would be 
sent to SEBI in advance providing details of 
circumstances and justification for the 
proposed action shall also be informed. 
Cut off timing for subscriptions/ 
redemptions/ switches 
 
This is the time before which your 
application (complete in all 
respects) should reach the official 
points of acceptance. 
 
The below cut-off timings and applicability of 
NAV shall be applicable in respect of valid 
applications received at the Official Point(s) of 
Acceptance on a Business Day: 
 
For Purchase of any amount: 
 
• In respect of valid applications received 
upto 3.00 p.m. and where the funds for the 
entire amount are available for utilization 
before the cut -off time i.e. 3.00 p.m. - the 
closing NAV of the day shall be applicable. 
 
• In respect of valid applications received 
after 3.00 p.m. and where the funds for the 
entire amount are available for utilization 
on the same day or before the cut -off time 
of the next business day - the closing NAV 
of the next Business Day shall be 
applicable. 
 
• Irrespective of the time of receipt of 
application, where the funds for the entire 
amount are available for utilization before 
the cut -off time on any subsequent 
Business Day - the closing NAV of such 
subsequent Business Day shall be 
applicable. 
 
For Switch-ins of any amount: 
 
In case of switch from one scheme to another 
scheme received before cut-off i.e. upto 3 p.m. 
having business day for both the schemes, 
closing NAV of the Business Day shall be 
applicable for switch -out scheme and for

[Page 60]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Switch-in scheme, the closing NAV of the 
Business Day shall be applicable, on which 
funds are available for utilization in the 
switch-in scheme (allocation shall be in line 
with the redemption payout). 
 
To clarify, for investments through systematic 
investment routes such as Systematic 
Investment Plans (SIP), Systematic Transfer 
Plans (STP), Flex STP, Capital Appreciation 
STP, IDCW Transfer, Trigger etc. the units will 
be allotted as per the closing NAV of the day 
on which the funds are available for utilization 
by the Target Scheme irrespective of the 
installment date of the SIP, STP or record date 
of IDCW etc. 
 
- “Switch Out” shall be treated as redemption 
application and accordingly, closing NAV of 
the day will be applicable based on the cut-off 
time for redemption followed for various type 
of schemes. 
 
- “Switch In” shall be treated as purchase 
application and accordingly for unit allotment, 
closing NAV of the day will be applicable on 
which the funds are available for utilization. 
 
Redemptions including switch-outs: 
In respect of valid applications received upto 
3.00 pm on a business day by the Mutual 
Fund, same day’s closing NAV shall be 
applicable. 
 
In respect of valid applications received after 
the cut off time by the Mutual Fund: the closing 
NAV of the next business day. 
 
e.g.: If an investor submits redemption request 
at 2.00 pm on Monday, the same shall be 
processed at the closing NAV of Monday. If an 
investor submits redemption request at 3.30 
pm on Monday, the same shall be processed 
at the closing NAV of Tuesday. 
Minimum amount for 
purchase/redemption/switches 
Minimum application amount: 
Rs. 500/- (plus in multiple of Rs. 500/-). 
 
Minimum application amount for switch ins – 
Rs. 500/- and in multiples of Rs. 500/-. 
 
Minimum additional application amount:

[Page 61]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Rs. 500/- (plus in multiple of Rs. 500/-). 
 
Minimum additional application amount for 
switch ins – Rs. 500/- and in multiples of Rs. 
500/-. 
 
For applications under systematic 
transactions, investors should refer to the 
details regarding the amount in the section 
‘Special product/facility available on ongoing 
basis’. 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
Any amount 
Accounts Statements 1. The Consolidated Account Statement 
(CAS) for each calendar month will be 
issued on or before fifteenth day of 
succeeding month to the investors who 
have provided valid Permanent Account 
Number (PAN). Further, CAS will be sent 
via email where any of the folios 
consolidated has an email id or to the 
email id of the first unit holder as per KYC 
records. 
 
2. For folios not included in the Consolidated 
Account Statement (CAS), the AMC shall 
henceforth issue account statement to the 
investors on a monthly basis, pursuant to 
any financial transaction in such folios on 
or before fifteenth day of succeeding 
month. 
 
3. The AMC shall send an allotment 
confirmation specifying the units allotted 
by way of email and/or SMS within 5 
Business Days of receipt of valid 
application/transaction to the Unit holders 
registered e -mail address and/ or mobile 
number. 
 
4. In case of a specific request received from 
the unit holder, the AMC shall provide the 
account statement to the investors within 
5 business days from the receipt of such 
request. 
 
5. In the case of joint holding in a folio, the 
first named Unit holder shall receive the 
CAS/account statement. The holding

[Page 62]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
pattern has to be same in all folios across 
Mutual Funds for CAS. 
 
Further, in case if no transaction has taken 
place in a folio during the period of six months 
ended September 30 and March 31, the CAS 
detailing the holdings across all Schemes of 
all mutual funds, shall be emailed at the 
registered email address of the unitholders on 
half yearly basis, on or before twenty first day 
of succeeding month, unless a specific request 
is made to receive the same in physical form. 
 
The asset management company shall issue 
units in dematerialized form to a unit holder in 
a scheme within two business days of the 
receipt of request from the unit holder. 
 
Each CAS issued to the investors shall also 
provide the total purchase value / cost of 
investment in each scheme. 
 
Further, CAS shall be issued for the half -year 
(September/ March). 
 
Such half-yearly CAS shall be issued to all MF 
investors, excluding those investors who do 
not have any holdings in MF schemes and 
where no commission against their 
investment has been paid to distributors, 
during the concerned half-year period. 
 
In case of the units are held in dematerialized 
(demat) form, the statement of holding of the 
beneficiary account holder will be sent by the 
respective Depository Participant periodically. 
 
The dispatch of CAS by the depositories 
would constitute compliance by the AMC/ the 
Mutual Fund with the requirement under 
Regulation 36(4) of SEBI (Mutual Funds) 
Regulations. 
 
The AMC reserves the right to furnish the 
account statement in addition to the CAS, if 
deemed fit in the interest of investor(s). 
IDCW The payment of IDCW to the unitholders shall 
be made within seven business days from the 
record date. 
Redemption The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall 
be dispa tched to the unitholders within 3 
business days from the date of redemption or

[Page 63]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
repurchase. 
 
Further, AMFI has published a list of 
exceptional circumstances for schemes 
unable to transfer redemption or repurchase 
proceeds to investors within the limit 
specified above for transfer of redemption or 
repurchase proceeds to the unitholders in 
such exceptional circumstances. The said list 
is available on AMFI website. 
Bank Mandate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No bank account shall be registered in the 
investor account as part of account opening 
or subsequent addition or change of bank 
request unless a validation is undertaken 
through any one of the following modes 
whereby the investors name, account number 
/details are verified. In this regard, any one of 
the following documents needs to be 
submitted. 
 
1. Original cancelled cheque having the First 
Holder Name and bank account number 
printed on the cheque. 
2. Original bank statement reflecting the First 
Holder Name, Bank Account Number and 
Bank Name as specified in the application. 
3. Self-certified cheque copy/bank passbook 
and verified with the original by AMC/ RTA. 
4. Photocopy of the bank statement duly 
attested by the bank manager/ authorized 
personnel with designation, employee 
number and bank seal. 
5. Photocopy of the bank pass book duly 
attested by the bank manager/ authorized 
personnel with designation, employee 
number and bank seal. 
6. Confirmation by the bank manager with 
seal, designation and employee number on 
the bank’s letter head confirming the name 
of investor, account type, bank branch, 
MICR and IFSC code of the bank branch. 
The letter should not be older than 3 
months. 
 
In case the bank account details are not 
mentioned or found to be incomplete or 
invalid in a purchase application, then the 
AMC may consider the account details 
as appearing in the investment amount 
cheque and the same shall be updated under 
the folio as t he payout bank account for the 
payment of redemption/IDCW amount etc.

[Page 64]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The AMC reserves the right to validate the 
details through PAN based account validation 
facility provided by NCPI or Penny Drop 
facility. Where the bank mandate cannot be 
validated by any of the stated methods, the 
bank account validation may be done on the 
basis of the cheque leaf if it is available. If the 
bank account details cannot be validated, 
AMC reserves the right to reject the 
application and in case of redemption, the 
payout will be issued by way of 
warrant/cheque. 
 
The AMC reserves the right to call for any 
additional documents as may be required, for 
processing of such transactions with missing/ 
incomplete/ invalid bank account details. The 
AMC also reserves the right to reject such 
applications. 
 
Bank Account Details: 
 
As per the directives issued by SEBI, it is 
mandatory for applicants to mention their 
bank account numbers in their applications 
for purchase or redemption of Units. If the 
Unit-holder fails to provide the Bank mandate, 
the request for redemption would be 
considered as not valid and the Scheme 
retains the right to reject the redemption until 
a proper bank mandate is furnished by the 
Unit-holder and the provision with respect of 
penal interest in such cases will not be 
applicable. 
Delay in payment of redemption / 
repurchase proceeds/IDCW 
The Asset Management Company shall be 
liable to pay interest to the unitholders at @ 
15% per annum as specified vide paragraph 
14.2 of Master Circular for the period of such 
delay. 
Unclaimed Redemption and Income 
Distribution cum Capital 
Withdrawal Amount 
The treatment of unclaimed redemption & 
IDCW amount will be as per paragraph 14.3 
of the master circular. 
Disclosure w.r.t investment by 
minors 
A minor can invest through his/her 
parent/lawful guardian. 
 
Payment for investment by any mode shall be 
accepted from the bank account of the minor, 
parent or legal guardian of the minor, or from a 
joint account of the minor with parent or legal

[Page 65]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
guardian. For existing folios, the AMCs shall 
insist upon a Change of Pay-out Bank mandate 
before redemption is processed. 
 
For further details, please refer to SAI. 
Nomination The SEBI (Mutual Fund) Regulations notifies 
that the mutual fund shall provide nomination 
facility to the unit holders to nominate a person 
in whose favour the units shall be transmitted 
in the event of death of the unitholder. Any new 
investor, investing in Mutual Fund Units shall 
mandatorily have to provide nomination or Opt 
out of nomination through physical or online 
mode. The requirement of nomination shall be 
optional for jointly held folios. For detailed 
guidelines on Nomination please refer to SAI. 
 KYC rules for investors: All the prospective and existing investors / 
Unit holders of the Fund are requested to note 
that, pursuant to SEBI Master Circular on 
Know Your Client (KYC) norms for the 
securities market dated October 12, 2023 
regarding uniformity in KYC process in the 
securities market and development of a 
mechanism for centralization of the KYC 
records, the following KYC procedure is being 
carried out: 
 
A) Requirement of PAN: 
• In order to strengthen the KYC norms and 
identify every participant in the securities 
market with their respective PAN thereby 
ensuring sound audit trail of all the 
transactions, PAN shall be the unique 
identification number for all participants 
transacting in the securities market, 
irrespective of the amount of transaction 
• The following are exempted from the 
mandatory requirement of PAN: 
a. Transactions undertaken on behalf of 
Central Government and/or State 
Government and by officials 
appointed by Courts e.g. Official 
liquidator, Court receiver etc. (under 
the category of Government) for 
transacting in the securities market. 
b. Investors residing in the state of 
Sikkim. 
c. UN entities/multilateral agencies 
exempt from paying taxes/filing tax 
returns in India. 
d. SIP of Mutual Funds upto ₹50,000/- 
per year.

[Page 66]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
• Exempted investors are required to 
provide alternate proof of identity in lieu of 
PAN for KYC purposes and are allotted 
PAN-exempt KYC Reference Number 
(PEKRN). 
 
B) List of Officially Valid Documents 
(OVDs): 
The aforesaid circular specifies list of 
documents considered as Officially Valid 
Documents for Proof of Identity (PoI) and 
Proof of Address (POA). The investor shall 
visit the www.icicipruamc.com of the 
Mutual fund and go on KYC Corner 
section which will have FAQs providing 
required details. 
 
C) Methods for completing KYC process and 
know your KYC status: 
 
Physical KYC process: 
• To bring uniformity in KYC process, SEBI 
has introduced a common KYC application 
form for all the SEBI registered 
intermediaries viz. Mutual Funds, 
Depository Participants, Stock Brokers, etc. 
are therefore requested to use the Common 
KYC application form to apply for KYC and 
mandatorily undergo - In Person 
Verification (IPV) requirements. For 
Common KYC Application Form please visit 
our website www.icicipruamc.com 
 
Digital KYC process: 
• The investor shall visit the 
www.icicipruamc.com of the Mutual fund 
and go on new investor section and fill up 
the required details and online KYC form 
and submit requisite documents. Digital 
KYC process will be in accordance with 
SEBI Master circular of KYC dated October 
12, 2023. 
 
 Review of KYC status by existing investors: 
The investor shall visit the 
www.icicipruamc.com of the Mutual fund and 
go on KYC Corner in Quick link section and fill 
up the required details to check their KYC 
status. Further, if investors wish to modify its 
KYC status, the same can also be done from

[Page 67]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
that section of the website. 
Ongoing Offer Period 
This is the date from which the 
Scheme will reopen for 
subscriptions/redemptions after the 
closure of the NFO period. 
The Scheme is an open ended scheme and 
hence is available for subscription and 
redemption on an ongoing basis on every 
business day at NAV based prices. The Units of 
the Scheme will not be listed on any exchange, 
for the present. 
Ongoing price for subscription 
(purchase)/switch-in (from other 
Schemes/plans of the mutual fund) 
by investors 
 
This is the price you need to pay for 
purchase/switch-in. 
The purchase price of the Units will be based 
on the Applicable NAV subject to the 
applicable stamp duty. 
 
Purchase Price = Applicable NAV (for 
respective plan and option of the Scheme) 
 
Example: An investor invests Rs 20,000/- and 
the current NAV is Rs. 20/- then the purchase 
price will be Rs. 20/- and the investor receives 
20000/20 = 1000 units. 
 
The Scheme shall not charge any entry load. 
Acceptance of transactions through 
email in respect of Non -Individual 
investors 
Application for financial transaction in the 
schemes of ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund from 
Non-Individual investors would be processed 
as per the following: 
 
a. The Investors are required to submit a copy 
of board resolution or an authority letter on 
their letterhead granting appropriate 
authority to the designated officials of the 
entity. 
 
b. The board resolution/authority letter shall 
explicitly mention the following: 
 
i. List of approved authorized officials who 
are authorized to transact on behalf of 
Investors along with their designation 
and email IDs. 
ii. An undertaking that the instructions for 
any financial transactions sent by email 
by the authorized officials shall be 
binding upon the Investor as if it were a 
written agreement. 
 
c. In case the document is submitted 
electronically with a valid Digital Signature 
Certificate (DSC) or through Aadhaar 
based e -signature by the authorized 
official/s shall be considered as valid and 
acceptable, and shall be binding on the 
Investor even if the transaction request is

[Page 68]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
not received from the registered email id. of 
the authorized official/s. However, in such 
cases, the domain name of the email ID 
should be from the same organization’s 
official domain name. 
 
d. In addition to acceptance of financial 
transaction via email, scanned copy of duly 
signed transaction form/request letter 
bearing wet signatures of the authorized 
signatories of the entity, received from 
some other official / employee of the 
Investor may also be accepted, and shall be 
binding on the non -individual investor 
provided – 
 
i. The email is also cc’d (copied) to the 
registered email ID of the authorized 
official/ signatory of the Investor; and 
ii. the domain name of the email ID of the 
sender of the email is from the same 
organization’s official domain name. 
 
e. In addition to acceptance of financial 
transactions via email, scanned copies of 
signed transaction form /request letters 
bearing wet signatures of the authorized 
signatories of the Investor, received from 
the registered mutual fund distributor 
(MFD) of th e Investor or a third party 
authorized by the non-individual unitholder 
may also be accepted subject to fulfilment 
of the following requirements: 
 
i. Authorization letter from the Investor 
authorizing the MFD/person to send the 
scanned copies of signed transaction 
form/request letter on behalf the 
Investor and 
ii. the Investor’s registered email ID is also 
cc’d (copied) in the email sent by the 
authorized MFD/person sending the 
scanned copies of the duly signed 
transaction form/request letter. 
 
For more details, please refer SAI. 
Any other disclosure in terms of 
Consolidated Checklist on Standard 
Observations 
Investment by the AMC: 
 
From time to time and subject to the SEBI 
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, the 
sponsors, the mutual funds and investment

[Page 69]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Companies managed by them, their associate 
companies, subsidiaries of the sponsors and 
the AMC may invest either directly or 
indirectly in the Scheme. The funds managed 
by associates and/ or the AMC may acquire a 
substantial portion of the Scheme. 
Accordingly, redemption of units held by such 
funds, associates and sponsors may have an 
adverse impact on the units of the Scheme 
because the timing of such redemption may 
impact the ability of other unitholders to 
redeem their units. 
 
Further, as per the SEBI (Mutual Funds) 
Regulations, 1996, in case the AMC invests in 
any of the Scheme managed by it, it shall not 
be entitled to charge any fees on such 
investments. 
 
The Scheme may invest in other Scheme 
managed by the AMC or in the Scheme of any 
other Mutual Funds, provided it is in 
conformity to the investment objectives of the 
Scheme and in terms of the prevailing SEBI 
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and 
guidelines. As per the SEBI (Mutual Funds) 
Regulations, 1996, no investment 
management fees will be charged for such 
investments. 
 
 
 
III. Other Details 
 
A. Periodic Disclosures 
 
• Portfolio Disclosures 
 
 The AMC shall disclose portfolio of the scheme (along with ISIN) as on the last 
day of the month / half-year within 10 days from the close of each month / half-
year respectively on website of: 
AMC i.e . https://www.icicipruamc.com/media-
center/downloads?currentTabFilter=otherSchemeDisclosures&&subCatTabFilte
r=MonthlyPortfolioDisclosures 
 
AMFI i.e. www.amfiindia.com 
 
The AMC shall send via email both the monthly and half -yearly statement of 
scheme portfolio within 10 days from the close of each month / half -year 
respectively. The AMC shall send the details of the scheme portfolio while 
communicating the monthly and half -yearly statement of scheme portfolio via 
email or any other mode as may be communicated by SEBI/AMFI from time to 
time. The AMC shall provide a feature wherein a link is provided to the investors

[Page 70]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
to their registered email address to enable the investor to directly view/download 
only the portfolio of schemes subscribed by the said investor. The portfolio 
disclosure shall also include the scheme risk -o-meter, name of benchmark and 
risk-o-meter of benchmark. 
 
The unitholders whose e -mail addresses are not registered with the Fund are 
requested to update / provide their email address to the Fund for updating the 
database. The AMC shall provide a physical copy of the statement of scheme 
portfolio, without charging any cost, on specific request received from a unit 
holder. 
 
• Annual Report 
The scheme wise annual report shall be hosted on the website of the AMC and 
on the website of the AMFI soon as may be possible but not later than four 
months from the date of closure of the relevant accounts year. The AMC shall 
publish an advertisement every year in all India edition of at least two daily 
newspapers, one each in English and Hindi, disclosing the hosting of the scheme 
wise annual report on the website of the AMC i.e. 
https://www.icicipruamc.com/about-us/financials-&-disclosures. 
 
The AMC shall display prominently on the AMC’s website link of the scheme wise 
annual report and physical copy of the same shall be made available to the 
unitholders at the registered / corporate office of the AMC at all times. 
 
• Half – Yearly Financial Results 
The AMC shall within one month from the close of each half year, that is on 31st 
March and on 30th September, host a soft copy of its unaudited financial results 
on their website ie . https://www.icicipruamc.com/about-us/financials-&-
disclosures.. Further, the AMC shall publish an advertisement disclosing the 
hosting of such financial results on their website, in atleast one English daily 
newspaper having nationwide circulation and in a newspaper having wide 
circulation published in the language of the region where the Head Office of the 
mutual fund is situated. 
 
• Disclosure on Riskometers and Scheme Summary Document (SSD) 
In accordance with paragraph 17.4 of the master circular Risk -o-meter shall be 
evaluated on a monthly basis and Mutual Funds/AMCs shall disclose the Risk-o-
meter along with portfolio disclosure for all their schemes on their respective 
website and on AMFI website within 10 days from the close of each month. Any 
change in risk-o-meter of the Scheme or its benchmark shall be communicated 
by way of Notice cum Addendum and by way of an e-mail or SMS to unitholders 
of that particular scheme. 
 
Risk-o-meter shall have following six levels of risk for the Scheme 
 
i. Low risk 
ii. Low to Moderate risk 
iii. Moderate risk 
iv. Moderately High risk 
v. High - risk and 
vi. Very High risk

[Page 71]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
The evaluation of risk levels of a scheme shall be done in accordance with the 
aforesaid circular. 
 
A Scheme Summary Document (SSD) of the Scheme which contains details such as 
Scheme features, Fund Manager details, investment details, investment objective, 
expense ratio etc will be made available on the website of the AMC and AMFI. The 
SSD will be updated within 5 working days from the date of change or modification 
in the Scheme. 
 
B. Transaction charges and stamp duty 
 
➢ Transaction charges: 
 
No transaction charges to be levied on the investment amount from 
transactions/applications (including SIPs) received through distributors (i.e. for Regular 
Plans). Accordingly, payment of transaction charges to the distributors has been 
discontinued. 
 
Please refer to SAI for more details. 
 
➢ Stamp Duty: 
 
Pursuant to Notification No. S.O. 1226(E) and G.S.R. 226(E) dated March 30, 2020 
issued by Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance, Government of India, read with 
Part I of Chapter IV of Notification dated February 21, 2019 issued by Legislative 
Department, Ministry of Law and Justice, Government of India on the Finance Act, 2019, 
a stamp duty @ 0.005% of the transaction value would be levied on applicable mutual 
fund transactions, with effect from July 1, 2020. Accordingly, pursuant to levy of stamp 
duty, the number of units allotted on purchase transactions (including IDCW 
reinvestment) to the unitholders would be reduced to that extent. 
 
C. Transparency/NAV Disclosure 
 
The NAV will be calculated and disclosed at the close of every Business Day. NAV will be 
determined on every Business Day except in special circumstances. NAV of the scheme 
shall be: 
 
• Prominently disclosed by the AMC under a separate head on the AMC’s website 
https://www.icicipruamc.com/home by 11.00 p.m. on every business day, 
• On the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India - AMFI (www.amfiindia.com) 
by 11.00 p.m. on every business day, and 
• Shall be made available at all Customer Service Centres of the AMC. 
 
As the Scheme is permitted to take exposure to overseas securities, the Scheme requires 
extended timeline for NAV disclosure to ensure that all securities are valued basis same 
day valuation. In light of the above, NAV of the Scheme will be declared by 10.00 a.m. on 
the following business day. 
 
In case the Scheme ceases to hold exposure to any overseas securities during the business 
day, NAV of the Scheme for that day would continue to be declared on 10.00 am on the 
following business day. Subsequent to that day, NAV of the scheme shall be declared on 
11.00 p.m., on the same day.

[Page 72]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
In case of any delay, the reasons for such delay would be explai ned to AMFI and SEBI by 
the next business day. If the NAVs are not available before commencement of business 
hours on the following day due to any reason, the Fund shall issue a press release 
providing reasons and explaining when the Fund would be able to publish the NAVs. 
 
D. Associate Transactions 
 
Please refer to Statement of Additional Information (SAI). 
 
E. Taxation 
 
As per the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961, as amended from time to time: 
 
Particulars Tax rates# applicable 
for Resident 
Investors 
(Refer note 2) 
Tax rates # 
applicable for 
Non-Resident 
Investors 
(Refer note 2) 
Tax rates 
applicable for 
Mutual Fund 
Tax on 
IDCW 
Taxable as per 
applicable tax rates 
Taxable as per 
applicable tax rates 
Nil 
Long Term 
Capital Gains 
on sale of listed 
and unlisted 
units 
 
 
12.5% without 
Indexation 
(Exceeding INR 1.25 
Lakhs) in case of 
redemption of units 
where STT is payable 
on redemption [u/s 
112A] 
(Listed - held for more 
than 12 months 
 
12.5% without 
Indexation 
(Exceeding INR 1.25 
Lakhs) without 
Indexation in case of 
redemption of units 
where STT is paid on 
transfer [u/s 112A] 
 
(Listed - held for 
more than 12 
months 
 
Nil 
Short Term 
Capital Gains 
on sale of listed 
and unlisted 
units 
 
 
20% without 
Indexation on 
redemption of units 
where STT is payable 
on redemption (u/s 
111A) 
 
(Listed - held for less 
than 12 months 
 
20% without 
Indexation on 
redemption of units 
where STT is 
payable on 
redemption (u/s 
111A) 
 
(Listed - held for less 
than 12 months 
Nil 
 
Note: 
 
1. Under the terms of the SID, the scheme is classified as “Equity oriented fund”.

[Page 73]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
2. Income of the Mutual Fund is exempt from income tax in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 10(23D) of the Act. 
 
3. As per clause (a) of the explanation to section 112A of the Act, an "Equity oriented fund" 
has been defined to mean a fund set up under a scheme of a mutual fund specified 
under clause (23D) of section 10 and,— 
 
(i) in a case where the fund invests in the units of another fund which is traded on a 
recognised stock exchange,— 
(A) a minimum of ninety per cent of the total proceeds of such fund is invested in the units 
of such other fund; and 
(B) such other fund also invests a minimum of ninety per cent of its total proceeds in the 
equity shares of domestic companies listed on a recognised stock exchange; and 
 
(ii) in any other case, a minimum of sixty-five per cent of the total proceeds of such fund is 
invested in the equity shares of domestic companies listed on a recognised stock 
exchange 
 
4. If the total income of a resident investor (being individual or HUF) [without considering 
such Long Term Capital Gains / Short Term Capital Gains] is less than the basic 
exemption limit, then such Long-term capital gains/short-term capital gains should be 
first adjusted towards basic exemption limit and only excess should be chargeable to 
tax. 
 
Non-resident investors may be subject to a separate of tax regime / eligible to benefits 
under Tax Treaties, depending upon the facts of the case. The same has not been 
captured above. 
 
A rebate of up to Rs. 12,500 is available under the old regime for resident individuals 
whose total income does not exceed Rs. 5,00,000. 
 
The Finance Act, 2025 amended Section 87A of the Act to provide that where an 
Individual apply for lower slab rates provided under section 115BAC(1A) of the Act (i.e. 
the new regime) and the total income: 
 
i. does not exceed 12,00,000, a rebate shall be provided on tax to the extent of an 
amount equal to 100% of such income -tax or an amount of INR 60,000 
(whichever is less); 
ii. exceeds INR 12,00,000 and the income -tax payable on such total income 
exceeds the amount by which the total income is in excess of 12,00,000, a rebate 
shall be provided on tax of an amount equal to the amount by which the tax 
payable is in excess of the amount by which the total income exceeds 12,00,000 
 
Further, such rebate of income-tax will not be available on tax on incomes chargeable to 
tax at special rates (for e.g.: capital gains u/s 111A, 112 and 112A of the Act etc.) 
 
# Excluding applicable surcharge and cess. 
 
For further details on taxation please refer to the Section on 'Tax Benefits of investing 
in the Mutual Fund' provided in 'Statement of Additional Information ('SAI')'. 
 
Please consult your tax advisor for further details on taxation. 
 
F. Rights of Unitholders 
Please refer to SAI for details.

[Page 74]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
G. List of official points of acceptance/ Additional official transaction acceptance 
points CAMS Transaction Points): 
 
The details of the points of acceptance/ Additional official transaction acceptance 
points CAMS Transaction Points) can be accessed at the following link: : SID related 
information (icicipruamc.com) 
 
H. PENALTIES, PENDING LITIGATION OR PROCEEDINGS, FINDINGS OF 
INSPECTIONS OR INVESTIGATIONS FOR WHICH ACTION MAY HAVE BEEN 
TAKEN OR IS IN THE PROCESS OF BEING TAKEN BY ANY REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY 
 
The details of such penalties, pending litigations or proceedings, findings of 
inspections or Investigations for which action may have been taken or is in the process 
of being taken by any regulatory authority can be accessed at the following link: SID 
related information (icicipruamc.com). 
 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Scheme Information Document, the 
provisions of the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and the guidelines there under 
shall be applicable. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: The Schemes under this Scheme Information Document (SID) was approved by the 
Directors of ICICI Prudential Trust Limited on May 12, 1999. The Trustees have ensured 
that the Schemes approved by them were new products offered by ICICI Prudential Mutual 
Fund and are not a minor modification of the exiting Schemes. 
 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
 ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited 
 Sd/- 
Nimesh Shah 
 Managing Director 
 
 
Place : Mumbai 
Date : October 31, 2025

[Page 75]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund Official Points of Acceptance 
STATE ADDRESS CITY PINCODE 
Jharkhand ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited, Shantiniketan Building, 1st Floor, 1 S.B. 
Shop Area, Bistupur, Main Road, Jamshedpur, 
Jharkhand 
Jharkhand 831 001 
Top Link Serenity Building, 1st Floor, Unit No. 102 
& 2nd Floor, Unit No. 202, Line Tank Road, Near 
Firayalal Chowk, P.O.: Ranchi, Dist.: Ranchi 
Jharkhand 834001 
Assam KK Tower, 1st Floor, GS Road, Bora Service Guwahati 781007 
Bihar 1st Floor, Kashi Place, Dak Bungalow Road, Patna 800001 
Chhattisgarh SCO 463-464, 1st & 2nd Floor, Sector - 35C Chandigarh 160022 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Ltd. Raheja Tower, 1st Floor, Shop no. 6,7,8 & 9, 
Jail Road, 
Raipur - 492001, Chhattisgarh 
Raipur 492001 
Goa Ground floor, Shop No. G 2, Milroc Lar Meneze, 
Swami Vivekanand Road, Opposite Old Passport 
Office, Panjim 
 Panjim 403001 
UG-20, Vasant Arcade, Behind Police Station, 
Comba, Margao 
GOA 403601 
Gujarat Shop No 2,3,4and5 ,Madhav Arcade,-Opp Garden, 
Nr RMC Commissioner, Bunglow, -Ram Krishna 
Nagar Main Road 
Rajkot 360001 
HG 30, B Block, International Trade Center, Majura 
Gate 
Surat 395002 
First Floor, Unit no 108,109,110,Midtown Heights, 
Opp Bank of Baroda, Jetalpur Road 
Baroda 
(Vadodara) 
390007 
307, 3rd Floor, Zodiac Plaza, Beside NABARD 
VIHAR, Near St. Xavier's College Corner,H.L 
Collage Road, Off C. G. Road 
Ahmedabad 380009 
Ground Floor, Unit no 2&3, Bhayani Mension, 
Gurudwara Road 
Jamnagar 361001 
Valsad, Unit no A1&A2, Ground Floor, Zenith 
Doctor House, Halar Cross Road, Valsad 
Valsad 396001 
 Unit No. 129, First Floor, Narayan Empire, Anand 
- Vidhyanagar Road Anand 388001 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited, Ground Floor - 43, Jubilee Colony, Jubilee 
Circle, Near Phone Wale, Bhuj-Kutch 
Bhuj 
370001 
First Floor, Unit no. 107/108,Nexus Business Hub, 
City Survey no 2513, ward no 1, Beside Rajeshwar 
Petrol Pump,Opp Pritam Society 2, Mojampur 
Bharuch 
392001 
1st Floor, Unit No. 106, Prabhakunj Heights, Sayaji 
Station Road, Opposite ICICI Bank Navsari 396445 
Haryana Scf - 38, Ground floor, Market 2, Sector - 19, 
Faridabad Faridabad 121002 
Unit No 125, First Floor, Vipul Agora Building, 
M.G.Road, Gurgaon Gurgaon 122002

[Page 76]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management company 
Limited, 510 -513, ward no.8, 1st floor, Above 
Federal Bank, opp. Bhatak Chowk, G T Road, 
Panipat 
Panipat 132103 
Himachal 
Pradesh 
Unit No. 21, First Floor, The Mall Road Shimla 171001 
Jammu & 
Kashmir 
Unit No. 101, First Floor, South Block A2, Bahu 
Plaza Shopping Center, Jammu, 
Jammu 180012 
Karnataka Ground Floor, Lakshmi Arcade, No: 298/1, 
17th Cross 2nd Main Road, Sampige Road, 
Malleswaram 
Bangalore 560003 
ICICI Prudential AMC Ltd. No. 311/7, Ground Floor 
9th Main, 5th Block, Jayanagar 
Bangalore 560041 
Phoenix Pinnacle, First Floor Unit 101 -104, No 46 
Ulsoor Road 
Bangalore 560042 
Ground Floor, No: 644, 6th Block, 17th Main, 100 ft 
Road, Near Sony world signal, Koramangala 
Bengaluru 560095 
Maximus Commercial Complex, UG 3 & 4 Light 
House Hill Road 
Mangalore 575001 
Ground Floor, No: 17/A, 8th Cross, 5th Main, 
Kamakshi Hospital Road, Saraswathipuram 
Mysore 570009 
Kerala Ground Floor No: 44/856, MM Towers, 
Vazhuthacaud Road, Cotton Hill, Edapazhanji 
Thiruvananth
apuram 
(Trivandrum) 
695014 
Ground and First Floor, Parambil Plaza, Kaloor 
Kadavanthra road, Kathirkadavu, Ernakulam, 
Cochin 
Cochin 682017 
Madhya 
Pradesh 
Unit no. G3 on Ground Floor and unit no. 104 on 
First Floor, Panama Tower, Manorama Ganj 
Extension, Near Crown Palace Hotel 
Indore 452001 
Ground Floor, Kay Kay Business Center, Ram 
Gopal Maheshwari, Zone 1,Maharana Pratap 
Nagar 
Bhopal 462023 
Ground Floor, Radha Sawmi bldg, Plot no 943, 
Patel Nagar, City Center 
Gwalior 474011 
Ground Floor Unit no 12/13, Plot no. 42/B3, Napier 
Town, OPP Bhawartal Garden 
Jabalpur 482001 
Maharashtra ICICI Prudential Asset Management Co Ltd,2nd 
Floor. Brady House,12/14 Veer Nariman Road 
Fort. 
Mumbai 400001 
Ground Unit No 3 , First Floor, Unit No - 
13,Esperanza, Linking Road, Bandra (West) 
Mumbai 400050 
ICICI Prudential Assets Management Company 
Limited, Vivekanand villa, Opp. HDFC bank, 
Swami Vivekanand Road, Andheri (West), 
Mumbai 
Mumbai 400058 
2nd Floor, Block B -2, Nirlon Knowledge Park, 
Western Express Highway, Goregaon 
Mumbai 400063 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited, Unit No. 1, Ground Floor, RNJ Corporate, 
Mumbai 400077

[Page 77]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Plot no 9, Jawahar Road, Opposite Ghatkopar 
Railway Station, Ghatkopar East 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, Ground Floor, 
Suchitra Enclave Maharashtra Lane, Borivali 
(West) 
Mumbai 400092 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, Ground Floor, 
Mahavir Arcade,Ghantali Road, Naupada, Thane 
West 
Thane 400602 
Unit no B15/15C, Ground Floor, Vardhman 
Chambers, Plot no. 84, Sector 17,Vashi 
Navi 
Mumbai 
400705 
Shop No 1,2,3, Ground Floor of Cross wind, City 
Survey no 597, Mauza - Ambazari, North 
Ambazari Road, Gandhi Nagar 
Nagpur 440010 
Ground Floor,Plot no 57, Karamkala, New Pandit 
Colony, Opp Old Municipal Corporation,(NMC) Off 
Sharanpur Road, 
Nashik 422002 
ICICI Prudential AMC Ltd,Ground Floor, Office no 6, 
Chetna CHS Ltd. General Thimayya Marg,Camp -
Pune 
Pune 411001 
1205 / 4 / 6 Shivaji Nagar, Chimbalkar House, Opp 
Sambhaji Park, J M Road 
Pune 411004 
Ground Floor, Empire Estate -4510,Premiser City 
Bldg, Unit No. A-20,Pimpri, Pune 
PUNE 411019 
Shop no A1,Ground floor, Dhaiwat Viva 
Swarganga,Next to Icici Bank, Aghashi Road, 
Virar West, Dist -Palghar, 
Palghar 401303 
Ground Floor, Shop no 1 and 2, Radhe Govind 
Bungalow, House No. 212/1, opposite HP gas 
agency, Samarth Nagar., Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar (Aurangabad) 
Aurangabad 431001 
ICICI Prudential AMC Ltd, Neel Empress, Ground 
Floor, Plot No 92, Sector 1/S 
Panvel 410206 
1089, E Ward, Anand Plaza, Rajaram Road Kolhapur 416001 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited, Ground Floor, Unit no .7, Vikas Heights, 
Ram Baugh, Santoshi Mata Road, Kalyan 
Mumbai 421301 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited, Ground Floor, 301, Pai Mansion, 5, Padma 
Nagar, Ramachandra Lane, Evershine Nagar, 
Malad West 
Mumbai 400064 
Ground Floor, Pride Coronet, Beside BATA 
Showroom, Baner 
Pune 411045 
Office no. 102, First Floor, Sai Kiran Apartments, 
Plot no 217, 11th Road, Central Avenue, chembur 
Mumbai 400 071 
New Delhi ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited, 1201-1212, 12th Floor, Narian Manzil, 23, 
Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place 
New Delhi 110001 
UNIT No. 17 -24, S -1 level, Ground Floor,Block F, 
American Plaza International Trade Tower, Nehru 
Place 
Delhi 110019 
Unit No. 3504 to 3509, 2nd Floor, Chawari Bazar Delhi 110 006

[Page 78]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Unit No. 123 -126, First Floor, Aggarwal Cyber 
Plaza, Plot No. C-4,5,6, Tower – 1, Netaji Subhash 
Place, New Delhi – 110034 
New Delhi 110034 
ICICI Prudential AMC Ltd, B23, Ground Floor, 
community Center, Janak Puri 
New Delhi 110058 
Orissa ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Ltd., 
Plot No – 381, Khata – 84, MZ Kharvel Nagar,Near 
Ram Mandir,Dist – Khurda, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 
Bhubhanesh
war 
751001 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Ltd 
515, Jagannath Bhawan Complex, Block -B/GF/1, 
Ground Floor, BK – Professor Pada Road, PO -AD 
Market, PS Badambadi, Cuttack, Odisha 
Cuttack 753012 
Punjab Ludhiana Stock Exchange Building, built upon 
Property bearing Municipal No. 751/133, Khasra 
No. 720, Feroze Gandhi Market 
Ludhiana 141001 
ICICI Prudential AMC Ltd. SCF -30, Ground Floor, 
Ranjit Avenue, B Block , Amritsar 
Amritsar 143008 
Unit No.22, Ground Floor, City Square Building, EH 
197, Civil Lines 
Jalandhar 144001 
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund, Property No. 7, 1st 
Floor, Old MC No 1623/5 III and 1623-E/5, Khewat 
No. 1892, Khasra No. 95/2 -0, situated at Happy 
Nest, Bhupindra Road, Near Petrol Pump 
Patiala 147001 
Rajasthan Unit No. D -34, Ground Floor, G - Business 
Park,Subhash Marg, C Scheme, 
Jaipur 302001 
ICICI Prudential AMC Ltd SHOP NO. 2,RATNAM, 
PLOT NO.-14,BHATTJI KI BADI 
Udaipur 313001 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Ltd.Plot no. 437 B, Ground Floor, Sardarpura 
Jodhpur 342003 
Tamil Nadu Abithil Square,189, Lloyds Road,Royapettah Chennai 600014 
1st Floor, A Wing, Kimbarley Towers, Y -222, 2nd 
Avenue,Anna Nagar 
Chennai 600040 
Unit No. 2E, at New Door Nos.43 & 44 / Old Nos.96 
& 97, 11th Avenue, Ashok Nagar 
Chennai 600083 
Ground Floor, No:1, Father Rhondy Street, Azad 
Road, R.S.Puram 
Coimbatore 641002 
Door No.24, Ground Floor, GST Road, Tambaram 
Sanitorium, Chennai 
Chennai 600047 
First Floor, Block No: 138, No: 465/5, 100 Feet By 
Pass Road, Velachery, Chennai – 600 042 
Chennai 600042 
Telanga Ground & First Floor, No: 1 -10-72/A/2, 
Pochampally House, Sardar Patel Road, 
Begumpet 
Hyderabad 500016 
Tripura 
 
2nd Floor, Above Agartala opticals, Paradise 
Chowmahani, 60 Hari Ganga Basak Road, 
Agartala 
Agartala 799001 
Uttar 
Pradesh 
Unit No. G -5, Sai square 16/116, (45), Bhargava 
Estate Civil Lines 
Kanpur 208001 
Unit No. 1, Ground Floor, 14/113 Kan Chamber, 
Civil Line 
Kanpur 208001

[Page 79]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Regency Plaza, Ground and First Floor, 5 Park 
Road. 
Lucknow 226001 
D-58/12A-7, Ground Floor, Sigra, Varanasi Varanasi 221010 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited Shop No FF -1,FF-2 Vashishtha Vinayak 
Tower,38/1 Tashkant Marg,Civil Lines, Allahabad 
Allahabad 211001 
Unit No. C -65, Ground Floor, Raj Nagar District 
Center 
Ghaziabad 201002 
First Floor, Sector-18, Noida,Uttar Pradesh,K-20 Noida 201301 
Block No 18/4, Red Square, 1st Floor, Sanjay Place 
Commercial Complex 
Agra 282002 
Ploat no -409 ,1st floor,Gram Chawani,Near 
Mahila Thana Civil Lines 
Moradabad 244001 
Plot No. 24, First Floor, Block H -A1, Sector - 63, 
Noida, Gautam Budh Nagar 
Noida 201301 
Uttrakhand Aarna Tower, Shop no. "c", Ground Floor, 1 -
Mahant Laxman Dass Road 
Dehradun 248001 
West Bengal Room No 208, 2 nd Floor, Oswal Chambers, 2, 
Church Lane, 
Kolkata 700001 
Ground Floor, Apeejay House, Block A, 3rd Floor, 
Apeejay House, Block A, 15 Park Street, Kolkata, 
West Bengal 
Kolkata 700 016 
1st Floor, 1/393 Garihat Road (South) Opp. 
Jadavpur Police Station, Prince Alwar Shah Road 
Kolkata 700068 
Shanti Square, Ground floor, Sevok Road, 2nd 
Mile, Siliguri, West Bengal 
Siliguri 734001 
Mezzanine Floor, Lokenath Mansion, Sahid 
Khudiram Sarani, CityCentre 
Durgapur 713216 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited, Ground Floor, B -07/25 (S), PO - Kalyani, 
Near central Park More, Dist. – Nadia, West 
Bengal, Kalyani – 741235. 
Kalyani 741235 
Shop A & B, Block - A, Apurba Complex, 
Senraleigh Road, Upcar Garden, Ground Floor, 
Near Axis Bank, Asansol 
Asansol 713304 
1st Floor, Siddheswari garden, Building # 181, 
DUM DUM Road, Kolkata 
Kolkata 700074 
74/A, Nutanchati, Vani Vihar, Ground Floor, P.O. & 
District - Bankura 
Bankura 722101 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited Ground Floor G.T. Road, East end 
Muchipara, Burdwan Sadar, Purba Burdwan 
Purba 
Burdwan 
713103 
ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company 
Limited 37 Mukherjee Para Lane, Rabindra 
Bhawan, Ground Floor, Sreerampore, Dist – 
Hooghly 
Hoogly 712201 
 
Sr. Nos Email-IDs: 
1. TrxnETF@icicipruamc.com 
2. TRXN@icicipruamc.com

[Page 80]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
3. TrxnChandigarh@icicipruamc.com 
4. TrxnIndore@icicipruamc.com 
5. TrxnJaipur@icicipruamc.com 
6. TrxnLucknow@icicipruamc.com 
7. TrxnMUMretail@icicipruamc.com 
8. TrxnNCRretail@icicipruamc.com 
9. TrxnPatna@icicipruamc.com 
10. TrxnAhmedabad@icicipruamc.com 
11. TrxnBangalore@icicipruamc.com 
12. TrxnChennai@icicipruamc.com 
13. TrxnDelhi@icicipruamc.com 
14. TrxnHyderabad@icicipruamc.com 
15. TrxnKerala@icicipruamc.com 
16. TrxnKolkatta@icicipruamc.com 
17. TrxnMumbai@icicipruamc.com 
18. TrxnNRI@icicipruamc.com 
19. TrxnPune@icicipruamc.com 
 
Toll Free Numbers and MF central mobile application: 
 
• (MTNL/BSNL) 1800222999; 
• (Others) 18002006666 
• Website: www.icicipruamc.com 
 
MFCentral platform enables a user-friendly digital interface for investors for execution of 
mutual fund transactions for all Mutual Funds in an integrated manner subject to 
applicable terms and conditions of the Platform. MFCentral will be operational in p hased 
manner starting with non -financial transactions. MFCentral can be accessed using 
https://mfcentral.com/ and a Mobile App which will be launched in future. Any registered 
user of MFCentral, requiring submission of physical document as per the requirem ents of 
MFCentral, may do so at any of the designated Investor Service centres or collection 
centres of Kfintech or CAMS.MF Central application will be available as and when the same 
is launched. 
 
Computer Age Management Services Limited (“ CAMS”/ the “ Registrar”), having its 
principal business at New No 10. Old No. 178, Opp. To Hotel Palm Grove, MGR Salai 
(K.H.Road) Chennai – 600 034 is the Registrar and Transfer Agent. Website - 
https://www.camsonline.com/. 
 
Other Cities: Additional official transaction acceptance points 
(CAMS Transaction Points) 
 
• Agartala: Nibedita, 1st Floor, JB Road, Palace Compound, Agartala, Near Babuana Tea 
and Snacks, Tripura (West), Pin – 799 001. • Agra: No. 8, II Floor Maruti Tower Sanjay 
Place, Agra 282002, Uttar Pradesh • 303 – 304, 3rd Floor Marcado, Opp. Municipal Market, 
Near President Hotel, C G Road, Ahmedabad – 380009, Gujarat.• Nadiad: F -134, First 
Floor, Ghantakarna Complex, Gunj Bazar, Nadiad – 387001, Gujarat • Bijapur:

[Page 81]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Padmasagar Complex, 1 st Floor, 2 nd Gate, Ameer Talkies Road, Vijayapur (Bijapur) – 
568101, Karnataka • Ajmer: Shop No.S -5, Second Floor Swami Complex, Ajmer 305001, 
Rajasthan • Akola: Opp. RLT Science College Civil Lines, Akola 444001, Maharashtra • 
Aligarh: City Enclave, Opp. Kumar Nursin g Home Ramghat Road, Aligarh 202001, Uttar 
Pradesh • 18/18A, FF -3, Gayatri Dham Milan Tower, MG Marg, Civil Lines, Prayagraj, 
Allahabad - 211 001•Assam: Kanak Tower 1st Floor, Opp. IDBI Bank/ICICI Bank, C.K.Das 
Road, Tezpur Sonitpur, Assam - 784 001• Alleppey: Doctor’s Tower Building, Door No. 
14/2562, 1st floor, North of Iorn Bridge, Near Hotel Arcadia Regency, Alleppey 688011, 
Kerala • Alwar: 256A, Scheme No:1, Arya Nagar, Alwar 301001, Rajasthan • Sikar: C/O 
Gopal Sharma & Company, Third Floor, Sukhshine Complex Near Geetanjali Book depot 
Tapariya Bagichi, Sikar 332001, Rajasthan • Amaravati : 81, Gulsham Tower, 2nd Floor 
Near Panchsheel Talkies, Amaravati 444601, Maharashtra • Ambala : Shop No. 4250, 
Near B D Senior Secondary School, Ambala Cantt, Ambala, Haryana – 133 001• Jalpaiguri: 
Babu Para, Beside Meenaar Apartment, Ward No VIII, Kotwali Police Station, PO & Dist 
Jalpaiguri, Pincode: 735101, West Bengal • Amritsar: 3rd Floor, bearing Unit No. 313, Mukut 
House, Amritsar 143001, Punjab • Anand: 101, A.P. Tower, B/H, Sardhar Gunj Next to 
Nathwani Chambers , Anand 388001, Gujarat • Anantapur: AGVR Arcade, 2nd Flsoor, Plot 
No. 37 (Part), Layout No. 466/79, Near Canara Bank, Sangamesh Nagar, Andhra Pradesh, 
Pin code - 515001 • Andhra Pradesh : 22b-3-9, Karl Marx Street, Powerpet, Eluru – 534002 
• Andheri (parent: Mumbai ISC): CTS No 411, Citipoint, Gundivali, Teli Gali, Above C.T. 
Chatwani Hall, Andheri 400069, Maharashtra • Angul : Near Siddhi Binayak +2 Science 
College, Similipada, Angul – 759122, Orissa • Ankleshwar: Shop # F -56,1st Floor, Omkar 
Complex,Opp Old Colony, Near Valia Char Rasta, G.I.D.C., Ankleshwar 393002, Gujarat • 
Asansol: Block – G 1st Floor P C Chatterje e Market Complex Rambandhu Talab P O 
Ushagram, Asansol 713303, West Bengal • S N Road Bye Lane, Badur Bagan, Near Gouri 
Shankar, P.O. & Dist. Coochbehar – 736101, West Bengal. • KH. No. 183/2G, opposite Hotel 
Blue Diamond, T.P. Nagar, Korba, Chhatisgarh – 495677 • CAMS Service Center, C/o. Rice 
Education and IT Centre, Near Wireless Gali, Amla Tola, Katihar Bihar – 854105 • 
Mukherjee Building First Floor, Beside MP Jewellers, next to Mannapuram Ward no. 5, Link 
Road, Arambag, Hooghly 712 601, West Bengal • House No. 18B, 1st Floor, C/o. Lt. 
Satyabrata Purkayastha, Opposite to Shiv Mandir, Landmark: Sanjay Karate Building, 
Near Isckon Mandir, Ambicapatty, Silchar – 788 004 • Aurangabad:2nd Floor, Block D-21-
D-22, Motiwala Trade Centr e, Nirala Bazar, New Samarth Nagar, Opp. HDFC Bank, 
Aurangabad 431001, Maharashtra • Balasore: B C Sen Road, Balasore 756001, Orissa • 
Bangalore: Trade Centre, 1st Floor 45, Dikensen Road (Next to Manipal Centre), Bangalore 
560042, Karnataka • Karnataka : Shop No. 2, 1st Floor, Shreyas Complex, Near Old Bus 
Stand, Bagalkot - 587 101, Karnataka • Bangalore: 1 st Floor, 17/1, 272, 12 th Cross Road, 
Wilson Garden, Bangalore – 560027 • Bankura: 1st Floor, Central Bank Building 
Machantala, PO Bankura Dist. Bankura, West Bengal - 722 101 • Bareilly: F -62, 63, 
Second Floor,, Butler Plaza Civil Lines, Bareilly 243001, Uttar Pradesh • Belgaum: Classic 
Complex, Block no. 104, 1st Floor, Saraf Colony Khanapur Road, Tilakwadi, Belgaum - 590 
006, Karnataka • Bellary: CAMS Service centre, 18/47/A, Govind Nilaya, Ward No. 20, 
Sangankal Moka Road, Gandhinagar, Ballari - 583102, Karnataka • Berhampur: F irst 
Floor, Upstairs of Aaroon Printers Gandhi Nagar Main Road, Berhampur 760001, Orissa • 
Bhagalpur: Ground floor, Gurudwara road, Near old Vijaya Bank, Bhagalpur 812 001, 
Bihar • Purnea: CAMS Service Centre, C/O Muneshwar Prasad, Sibaji Colony, SBI Main 
Branch Road, Near Mobile Tower, Purnea – 854301, Bihar • Bharuch: A-111, First Floor, 
R K Casta, Behind Patel Super Market, Station Road, Bharuch - 392001, Gujarat • 
Bhatinda: 2907 GH,GT Road Near Zila Parishad, Bhatinda 151001, Punjab • Bhavnagar: 
501-503, Bhayani Skyline, Behind Joggers Park, Atabhai Road, Bhavnagar, Gujarat, Pin 
code – 364 001. • Bhilai: Shop No. 117, Ground Floor, Khicharia Complex, Opposite IDBI 
Bank, Nehru Nagar Square, Bhilai 490020, Chattisgarh • Bhilwara: Indraparstha tower

[Page 82]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Shop Nos 209-213, Second floor, Shyam ki sabji mandi Near Mukharji garden, Bhilwara 
311051, Rajasthan • Bhojpur: Ground Floor, Old NCC Office, Club Road, Arrah – 802301, 
Bhojpur, Bihar • Bhopal: Plot No . 10, 2nd floor, Alankar Complex, Near ICICI Bank , M P 
Nagar, Zone II, Bhopal 462011, Madhya Pradesh • Bhubaneswar: 101/ 7, Janpath, Unit-III, 
Bhubaneswar 751001, Orissa • Bhuj: Tirth kala, First Floor, Opp. BMCB Bank, New Station 
Road, Bhuj, Kutch – 370 001, Gujarat • Bolpur: Room No. FB26, 1st Floor, Netaji Market, 
Bolpur, West Bengal – 731204 • Godhra: 1st Floor, Prem Prakash Tower, B/H B.N 
Chambers, Ankleshwar Mahadev Road, Godhra - 389001, Gujarat • Bhavnagar: Shop No. 
1, Grou nd Floor, Victoria Prime, Block D5/5 -A, Kaliyabid Water Tank, Near Dilbahar, 
Lakhubha Hall Road, Bhavnagar, Gujarat - 364 002. • Nalanda: R-C Palace, Amber Station 
Road, Opp.: Mamta Complex, Bihar Sharif (Nalanda) Bihar 803 101. • Bhusawal (Parent: 
Jalgaon TP): 3, Adelade Apartment Christain Mohala, Behind Gulshan -E-Iran Hotel 
Amardeep Talkies Road Bhusawal, Bhusawal 425201, Maharashtra • Bikaner: Behind 
Rajasthan patrika, in front of Vijaya Bank, 1404 Amar Singh Pura, Bikaner 334 001, 
Rajasthan • Bilaspur: Shop No. B -104, First Floor, Narayan Plaza, Link Road, Bilaspur, 
(C.G), 495 001 Contact:9203900626 • Bokaro: 1st Floor, Plot No. HE-7, City Centre, Sector 
4, Bokaro Steel City Bokaro - 827004, Jharkhand, India • Bongaigaon: G.N.B Road, Bye 
Lane, Prakash Cinema, Bongaigaon – 783380, Assam • Burdwan: Basement, Building 
Name: - Talk of the Town, 399 G T Road, Burdwan, West Bengal, - 713 101• Calicut: 
29/97G 2nd Floor Gulf Air Building Mavoor Road Arayidathupalam, Calicut 673016, Kerala 
• Chandigarh: Deepak Towers, SCO 154-155, 1st Floor, Sector17-C, Chandigarh 160017, 
Punjab •Mandi 328/12, Ram Nagar, 1st Floor, Above Ram Traders, Mandi – 175001 
Himachal Pradesh•Door No. 4-8-73, Beside Sub Post Office, Kothagraham, Vijaynagaram 
– 535001, Andhra Pradesh •Haryana : Sco -11-12,1st Floor, Pawan Plaza, Model Town, 
Atlas Road, Subhash Chowk, Sonepat -130301• Maharashtra: 1st Floor, Shraddha 
Niketan,Tilakwadi, Opp. Hotel City Pride, Sharanpur Road Nasik - 422 002 • Maharashtra: 
Dev Corpora, 1st Floor, Office no. 102, Cadbury Junction, Eastern Express Highway, Thane 
(West) - 400 601 1 • Maharashtra: st Floor, Shraddha Niketan, Tilakwadi, Opp. Hotel City 
Pride, Sharanpur Road Nasik - 422 002• Chandrapur: Opp. Mustafa Décor, Near 
Bangalore Bakery, Kasturba Road, Chandrapur, Maharashtra 442 402. Tel. No. 07172 – 
253108, Chennai: Ground Floor No.178/10, Kodambakkam High Road Opp. Hotel 
Palmgrove Nungambakkam, Chennai 600034, Tamil Nadu • Chennai: 7th floor, Rayala 
Tower - III,158, Annasalai,Chennai, Chennai 600002, Tamil Nadu • Chennai: Ground floor, 
Rayala Tower- I,158, Annasalai, Chennai, Chennai 600002, Tamil Nadu • Cochin: Door No. 
39/2638 DJ, 2nd Floor, 2A, M. G. Road, Modayil Building,, Cochin - 682 016. Tel.: (0484) 
6060188/6400210 • Coimbatore: Old # 66 New # 86, Lokamanya Street (West) Ground 
Floor R.S. Puram, Coimbatore 641002, Tamil Nadu • Cuttack: Near Indian Overseas Bank 
Cantonment Road Mata Math, Cuttack 753001, Orissa • Davenegere: 13, Ist Floor, 
Akkamahadevi Samaj Complex Church Road P.J.Extension, Devengere 577002, Karnataka 
• Dehradun: 204/121 Nari Shilp Mandir Marg Old Connaught Place, Dehradun 248001, 
Uttaranchal • Delhi: CAMS Service Center, 401 to 404, 4th Floor, Kanchan Junga Building, 
Barakhamba Road, New Delhi 110001., New Delhi • CAMS Service Centre Office Number 
112, 1st Floor, Mahatta Tower, B Block Community Centre, Janakpuri, New Delhi-110058 
• Deoghar: S S M Jalan Road Ground floor Opp. Hotel Ashoke Caster Town, Deoghar 
814112, Jharkhand • Dewas: Tarani Colony, Near Pushp Tent House, Dewas – 455001, 
Madhya Pradesh• Dhanbad: Urmila Towers Room No: 111(1st Floor) Bank More, 
Dhanbad 826001, Jharkhand • Dhule: House No. 3140, Opp. Liberty Furniture, Jamnalal 
Bajaj Road, Near Tower Garden, Dhule 424001 • Durgapur: City Plaza Building, 3rd floor, 
City Centre, Durgapur 713216, West Bengal • Erode: 197, Seshaiyer Complex Agraharam 
Street, Erode 638001, Tamil Nadu • Faridhabad:LG3, SCO 12 Sector 16, Behind Canara 
Bank, Faridabad - 121 002• Gaya: C/o Sri Vishwanath Kunj, Ground Floort, Tilha Mahavir 
Asthan, Gaya, Bihar – 823001 • Ghaziabad: 113/6 I Floor Navyug Market, Gazhiabad

[Page 83]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
201001, Uttar Pradesh • Ground Floor, Canara Bank Building, Dhundhi Katra, Mirzapur, 
231 001, Uttar Pradesh, Contact no: 05442 – 220282, Email ID: 
camsmpr@camsonline.com• F-10, First Wings, Desai Market, Gandhi Road, Bardoli, 394 
601, Contact No: 8000791814, Email ID: camsbrd@camsonline.com •Hyderabad: No. 15-
31-2M-1/4, 1st floor, 14-A, MIG, KPHB Colony, Kukatpally, Hyderabad 500072• Office No. 
103, 1st Floor, Unitech City Centre, M.G. Road, Panaji Goa, Goa - 403001• Gondal: Parent 
CSC - Rajkot,A/177, Kailash Complex, Khedut Decor, Gondal 360311, Gujarat • 
Gandhinagar : 507, 5th Floor, Shree Ugati Corporate Park, Opposite Pratik Mall, Near 
HDFC Bank, Kudasan, Gandhinagar – 382421 • Gorakhpur: Shop No. 5 & 6, 3rd Floor Cross 
Road, The Mall, AD Tiraha, Bank Road,Gorakhpur 273001, Uttar Pradesh • Gobindgarh: 
Opposite State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur, Harchand Mill Road, Motia Khan, Mandi 
Gobindgarh, Punjab – 147 301 • Guntur: Door No 5 -38-44 5/1 BRODIPET Near Ravi 
Sankar Hotel, Guntur 522002, Andhra Pradesh • Gurgaon: Unit No - 115, First Floor, Vipul 
Agora Building,Sector - 28, Mehrauli Gurgaon Road, Chakkarpur, Gurgaon 122001, 
Haryana • Guwahati: Piyali Phukan Road, K.C Path, House No. -1 Rehabari, Guwahati 
781008, Assam •H. No.: 14 -3-178/1B/A/1, Near Hanuman Temple, Balaji Nagar, 
Bhoothpur Road, Mahbubnagar, Telangana - 509 001 •B1, 1st floor, Mira Arcade, Library 
Road, Amreli, 365601• Gwalior: G -6, Global Apartment Phase -II,Opposite Income Tax 
Office, Kailash Vihar City Centre, Gwalior 474001, Madhya Pradesh • House No: Gtk 
/006/D/20(3), (Near Janata Bhawan) D. P. H. Road, Gangtok - 737 101. Sikkim • Haridwar 
– F-3, Hotel Shaurya, New Model Colony, Haridwar, Uttarkhand, 249408 • Vidya Bhavan 
Building, 1st Floor, Old Bus Stand Road, Hassan - 573201 • Hazaribag: Municipal Market 
Annanda Chowk, Hazaribagh 825301, Jharkhand • Hisar: 12, Opp. Bank of Baroda Red 
Square Market, Hisar 125001, Haryana • Hubli: No.204 - 205, 1st Floor, ’ B ‘ Block, 
Kundagol Complex, Opp. Court, Club Road, Hubli 580029, Karnataka • Hyderabad: 208, II 
Floor, Jade Arcade Paradise Circle, Secunderabad 500003, Andhra Pradesh • Indore: 101, 
Shalimar Corporate Centre 8-B, South Tukogunj, Opp.Greenpark, Indore 452001, Madhya 
Pradesh • Jabalpur: 975, Chouksey Chambers, Near Gitanjali S chool, 4th Bridge, Napier 
Town, Jabalpur 482001, Madhya Pradesh • Jaipur: R-7, Yudhisthir Marg, C-Scheme Behind 
Ashok Nagar Police Station, Jaipur 302001, Rajasthan • Jalandhar: 367/8, Central Town 
Opp. Gurudwara Diwan Asthan, Jalandhar 144001, Punjab • Ja lgaon: Rustomji Infotech 
Services 70, Navipeth Opp. Old Bus Stand, Jalgaon 425001, Maharashtra • Jalna C.C. 
(Parent: Aurangabad): Shop No 6, Ground Floor, Anand Plaza Complex, Bharat Nagar, 
Shivaji Putla Road, Jalna 431203, Maharashtra • Jammu: JRDS Height s, Lane Opp. S&S 
Computers,Near RBI Building, Sector 14, Nanak Nagar, Jammu 180004, Jammu & Kashmir 
• Jamnagar: 207, Manek Centre, P N Marg, Jamnagar 361001, Gujarat. Tel.: (0288) 
6540116 • Jamshedpur: Tee Kay Corporate Towers 3rd Floor, S.B. Shop Area, Main Road, 
Bistupur, Jamshedpur-831001• Jhansi: 372/18 D, 1st floor, Above IDBI Bank, Beside V -
Mart, Near RASKHAN, Gwalior Road, Jhansi 284001 • Jodhpur: 1/5, Nirmal Tower Ist 
Chopasani Road, Jodhpur 342003, Rajasthan • Singh building, Ground Floor, C/o 
Prabhdeep Singh, Punjabi Gali, Opp. V-mart, Gar Ali, PO & PS, Jorhat – 785001, Assam • 
Junagadh: Circle Chowk, Near Choksi Bazar Kaman, Gujarat, Junagadh 362001, Gujarat • 
D.No: 3/2151/2152, Shop No. 4, Near Food Nation, Raja Reddy Street, , Kadapa: Kadapa 
516001, Andhra Pradesh. West Bengal • R. N. Tagore Road, Kotwali P. S.,Krishnanagar, 
Nadia, West Bengal. Pin code - 741101 •Kangra: C/O Dogra Naresh and Associates, 
College Road, Kangra, Himachal Pradesh, 176001• D No – 25-4-29, 1st floor, Kommireddy 
vari street, Beside Warf Road, Opp Swathi Medicals, Kakinada 533001, Andhra Pradesh 
• Kalyani: A - 1/50, Block - A, Dist Nadia, Kalyani 741224, West Bengal • Kannur: Room 
No.14/435 Casa Marina Shopping Centre Talap, Kannur 670004, Kerala • Ka npur: I Floor 
106 to 108 CITY CENTRE Phase II 63/ 2, The Mall, Kanpur 208001, Uttar Pradesh • 
Karimnagar: HNo.7-1-257, Upstairs S B H Mangammathota, Karimnagar 505001, Andhra 
Pradesh • Karnal (Parent: Panipat TP): 29 Avtar Colony, Behind Vishal Mega Mart, Karnal

[Page 84]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
132001• Karur: # 904, 1st Floor Jawahar Bazaar, Karur 639001, Tamil Nadu • Kasaragod: 
KMC XXV/88, 1st and 2nd Floor, Stylo Complex, Above Canara Bank, Bank Road, 
Kasaragod - 671121, Kerala • Kashipura: Dev Bazaar, Bazpur Road, Kashipur – 244713, 
Uttarkhand • Kharagpur: 623/1 Malancha Main Road, PO Nimpura, Ward No - 19, 
Kharagpur 721304, West Bengal • Kharagpur: “Silver Palace”, OT Road, Inda – Kharagpur, 
G.P Barakola, P.S – Kharagpur local, West Midnapore – 721305 • Kolhapur: 2 B, 3rd Floor, 
Ayodhya Towers ,Station Road, Kolhapur 416001, Maharashtra • Kolkata: N/39, K.N.C 
Road, 1st Floor, Shrikrishna Apartment, (Behind HDFC Bank Barasat Branch), PO and PS: 
Barasat District: 24 PGS (North), Pincode - 700 124 • Kolkata – 2A, Ganesh Chandra 
Avenue, Room No. 3A “Commerce House” (4th floor), Kolkata 700013 • Kolkata: CAMS 
Service Centre Kankaria Centre, 2/1,Russell Street ,2nd Floor, West Bengal - 700071, 
Kolkata 700071, West Bengal •Kadakkan Complex, Opp Central School, Malappuram 670 
504• First Floor, Adjacent to Saraswati Shishu Mandir School, Gaushala, Near UPPCL Sub 
Station (Gandhi Park), Company Bagh Chauraha, Firozabad - 283 2033• Kollam: Uthram 
Chambers, (Ground Floor), Thamarakulam, Kollam – 691 006., Kerala • Kota: B-33 ‘Kalyan 
Bhawan Triangle Part ,Vallabh Nagar, Kota 324007, Rajasthan • 1307 B, Puthenparambil 
Building, KSACS Road, Opposite ESIC Office, Behind Malayala Manorama, Muttanbalam 
P.O., Kottayam – 686 501, Kottayam: Door No - XIII/658, Thamarapallil Building, M L Road, 
Near KSRTC Bus Stand Road, Kottayam - 686001• No. 28/8, 1st Floor, Balakrishna Colony, 
Pachayappa Street, Near VPV Lodge, Kumbakonam - 612001• Kurnool: H.No.43/8, 
Upstairs Uppini Arcade, N R Peta, Kurnool 518004, Andhra Pradesh • Shop No. 1128, First 
Floor, 3rd Line, Sri Bapuji Market Complex, Ongole, Andhra Pradesh, Pin code - 523 001 • 
Lucknow: Off # 4,1st Floor,Centre Court Building, 3/C, 5 - Park Road, Hazratganj, Lucknow 
226001, Uttar Pradesh • Ludhiana: U/ GF, Prince Market, Green Field Near Traffic Lights, 
Sarabha Nagar Pulli Pakhowal Road, Ludhiana 141002, Punjab • Madurai: Cams Service 
Centre, # Ist Floor,278, North Perumal, Maistry Street (Nadar Lane), Madurai 625001, Tamil 
Nadu • Mangaluru: 14-6-674/15(1), Shop No - UG11-2 Maximus Complex, Light House Hill 
Road, Mangaluru - 575001, Karnataka.• Mapusa: Office no. 503, Buildmore Business Park, 
New Canca by pass road, Ximer, Mapusa, 403 507, Goa. • Margao: F4 – Classic Heritage, 
Near Axis Bank, Opp. BPS Club, Pajifond, Margao, Goa 403601• Meerut: 108 Ist Floor 
Shivam Plaza Opposite Eves Cinema, Hapur Road, Me erut 250002, Uttar Pradesh • 
Mehsana: 1st Floor, Subhadra Complex Urban Bank Road, Mehsana 384002, Gujarat • 
Moradabad: H 21-22, 1st Floor,Ram Ganga Vihar Shopping Complex, Opposite Sales Tax 
Office,, Uttar Pradesh • 501 - TIARA CTS 617, 617/1 -4, Off Chand avarkar Lane, 
Maharashtra Nagar,Borivali (West), Mumbai - 400 092. • Mumbai - Ghatkopar: Office no. 
307, 3rd Floor, Platinum Mall, Jawahar Road, Ghatkopar East, Mumbai – 400077 • Mumbai: 
Rajabahdur Compound, Ground Floor Opp Allahabad Bank, Behind ICICI Bank 30, Mumbai 
Samachar Marg, Fort, Mumbai 400023, Maharashtra • Navi Mumbai:CAMS Service Centre 
BSEL Tech Pa rk, B-505, Plot no 39/5 & 39/5A, Sector 30A, Opp. Vashi Railway Station, 
Vashi, Navi Mumbai - 400705• Muzaffarnagar 235, Patel Nagar,Near Ramlila 
Ground,New Mandi,, Muzaffarnagar - 251001 • Muzzafarpur: Brahman toli, Durgasthan 
Gola Road, Muzaffarpur 842001, Bihar • Mysore: No.1, 1st Floor CH.26 7th Main, 5th Cross 
(Above Trishakthi Medicals) Saraswati Puram, Mysore 570009, Karnataka • Nadiad: F 
142, First Floor, Gantakaran Complex, Gunj Bazar, Nadiad 387001, Gujarat • Nagpur: 145 
Lendra Park, Behind Indu s Ind Bank New Ramdaspeth, Nagpur 440010, Maharashtra • 
Nagercoil IV Floor, Kalluveettil Shyras Center 47, Court Road, Nagercoil - 629 001 • 
Nanded: Shop No.8 and 9 Cellar, Raj Mohd. complex, Main Road Sree nagar, Nanded – 431 
605. Tel. No. 9579444034 Nasik: 1st Floor, Shraddha Niketan, Tilakwadi, Opp. Hotel City 
Pride,Sharanpur Road, Nasik 422005, Maharashtra • Navsari: CAMS Service Center,16, 
1st Floor, Shivani Park, Opp. Shankheswar Complex, Kaliawadi, Navsari, Navasari 
396445, Gujarat • Nagaland: House no. 436, Ground Floor, MM Apartment, Dr. Hokishe 
Sema Road, Near Bharat Petroleum, Lumthi Colony, Opposite T.K Complex, Dimapur –

[Page 85]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
797112 • Nellore: Shop No. 2, 1st Floor, NSR Complex, James Garden, Near Flower Market, 
Nellore - 524001, Andhra Pradesh. • New Delhi: Number G -8, Ground Floor, Plot No C -9, 
Pearls Best Height - II, Netaji Subhash Place, Pitampura, New Delhi – 110 034 • New Delhi 
: CAMS Service Center, 401 to 404, 4th Floor, Kanchan Junga Building, Barakhamba Road, 
New Delhi 110001., New Delhi •Nizamabad: CAMS Service Centre, 5 -6-208, Saraswathi 
Nagar, Opposite Dr. Bharathi Rani Nursing Home, Nizamabad – 503001, Telangana • 
Noida: Commercial Shop No. GF 10 & GF 38, Ground Floor, Ansal Fortune Arcade, Plot No. 
K-82, Sector - 18, Noida – 201 301 • Palakkad: 18/507(3) Anugraha Garden Street, College 
Road , Palakkad 678001, Kerala • Panipat: 83, Devi Lal Shopping Complex Opp ABN Amro 
Bank, G.T. Road, Panipat 132103, Haryana • Patiala: 35 New Lal Bagh, Opposite Polo 
Ground,Patiala 147001, Punjab • Patna: 301-B, Third Floor, Patna One Plaza, Near Dak 
Bunglow Chowk, Patna 800001, Bihar • Pathankot: 13 -A, 1st Floor, Gurjeet Market, 
Dhangu Road, Pathankot 145001, Punjab • • Port Blair CAMS Service Center C-101/2, 1st 
floor, near cottage industries, Middle point (Phoenix Bay), Port Blair - 744101, South 
Andaman • Phagwara : Shop no. 2, Model Town, Near Joshi Driving School, Phagwara – 
144401, Punjab • Pondicherry: S -8, 100, Jawaharlal Nehru Street (New Complex, Opp. 
Indian Coffee House), Pondicherry 605001, Pondichery • Pune: Vartak Pride, First Floor, 
Suvery No. 46, City Survey No. 1477, Hingne Budruk, D.P Road, Behind Dinanath 
Mangeshkar Hospital, Karvenagar, Pune - 411052, Maharashtra •Raipur: HIG,C-23, Sector 
- 1, Devendra Nagar, Raipur 492004, Chattisgarh • Rajahmundry: Cabin 101 D.no 7-27-4 
1st Floor Krishna Complex Baruvari Street T Nagar, Rajahmundry 533101, Andhra 
Pradesh • Rajkot: Office 207 - 210, Everest Building Harihar Chowk, Opp Shastri Maidan, 
Limda Chowk, Rajkot 360001, Gujarat • Ranchi: 4, HB Road, No: 206, 2nd Floor Shri Lok 
Complex, Ranchi 834001, Jharkhand • Rohtak: 205, 2ND Floor, Blg. No. 2, Munjal Complex, 
Delhi Road, Rohtak 124001, Haryana • Rourkela: JBS Market complex, 2nd Floor, Udit 
Nagar, Rourkela - 769012, Odisha • Saharanpur: I Floor, Krishna Complex Opp. Hathi Gate 
Court Road, Saharanpur 247001, Uttar Pradesh • Salem: No.2, I Floor Vivekananda Street, 
New Fairlands, Salem 636016, Tamil Nadu • Sambalpur: C/o Raj Tibrewal & Associates 
Opp.Town High School, Sansarak, Sambalpur 768001, Orissa • Sangli: Jiveshwar Krupa 
Bldg, Shop. No. 2, Ground Floor, Tilak Chowk, Harbhat Road, Sangli 416416, Contact No.: 
0233-6600510 •Satna: 1st Floor, Shri Ram Market, Beside Hotel Pankaj, Birla Road, Satna 
485001, Madhya Pradesh •Satara: 117 / A / 3 / 22, Shukrawar Peth Sargam Apartment, 
Satara 415002, Maharashtra • Shillong: 3rd Floor, RPG Complex, Keating Road, Shillong 
793001, Meghalaya, Tel: (0364) 2502511 • Shimla: I Floor, Opp. Panchayat Bhawan Main 
gate Bus stand, Shimla 171001, Himachal Pradesh • Shimoga: Nethravathi Near Gutti 
Nursing Home Kuvempu Road, Shimoga 577201, Karnataka • Sikar: Pawan Travels Street, 
Opposite City Center Mall, Sikar – 332001, Rajasthan • Siliguri: 78, First Floor, Haren 
Mukherjee Road, Beside SBI Hakimpara, Siliguri - 734001, West Bengal • Solapur: 4, 
Lokhandwala Tower, 144, Sidheshwar Peth, Near Z.P. Opp. Pangal High School, Solapur 
413001, Maharashtra • 47/5/1, Raja Rammohan Roy Sarani, PO Mallickpara, Dist Hoogly, 
Sreerampur 712203 • Surat: Office No 2 Ahura -Mazda Complex First Floor, Sadak Street 
Timalyawad, Nanpura, Surat 395001, Gujarat • Shop No - 2, Solaris Royce, - Opp Old RTO, 
Besides AGS Eyes Hospital, Athwagate, Surat - 395007•Thane –Dev Corpora, A Wing, 
3rd floor, Office no. 301, Cadbury Junction, Eastern Express way, Thane (West) - 400 601• 
Thiruppur: 1(1), Binny Compound, II Street, Kumaran Road, Thiruppur 641601, Tamil Nadu 
• Thiruvalla: Central Tower,Above Indian Bank Cross Junction, Tiruvalla 689101, Kerala • 
Thiruvalla: 1 st Floor, Room No. 61 (63), International Shopping Mall, Opp. St. Thomas 
Evangelical Church, Above Thomson Bakery, Manjady, Thiruvalla, 689105, Kerala • 
Tirunelveli: III Floor, Nellai Plaza 64 -D, Madurai Road, Tirunelveli 627001, Tamil Nadu • 
Tirunelvli: No. F4, Magnem Suraksha Apartments, Thiruvananthapuram Road, Tirunelveli 
- 627 002, Kerala •Tirupathi: Shop No: 6, Door No: 19-10-8 (Opp to Passport Office), AIR 
Bypass Road Tirupati - 517501, Andhra Pradesh, Tel: (0877) 6561003 • No. A5 75/1,

[Page 86]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Vaiyapuri Nagar 2nd Cross, Karur, Tamil Nadu – 639002 • Trichur: Room No. 26 & 27,DEE 
PEE PLAZA, Kokkalai, Trichur 680001, Kerala • Trichy: No 8, I Floor, 8th Cross West Extn 
Thillainagar, Trichy 620018, Tamil Nadu • Trivandrum: TC No: 22/902, 1st - Floor 
“BLOSSOM” Bldg, Opp. NSS Karayogam, Sasthamangalam Village P.O, Trivandrum – 695 
010, Kerala., Kerala • Udaipur: 32, Ahinsapuri, Fatehpura circle, Udaipur – 313001, Email 
Id - camsudp@camsonline.com, Rajasthan • Udhampur: Guru Nank Institute, NH -1A, 
Udhampur, Jammu & Kashmir – 182101 • Vadodara: 103 Aries Complex, BPC Road, Off 
R.C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara 390007, Gujarat • Valsad: Ground Floor Yash Kamal -
”B” Near Dreamland Theater Tithal Road, Valsad 396001, Gujarat • VAPI: 208, 2nd Floor, 
Heena Arcade, Opp. Tirupati Tower, Near G.I.D.C., Char Rasata, Vapi 396195, Gujarat • 
Varanasi: Office no 1, Second floor, Bhawani Market, Building No. D -58/2-A1, Rathyatra, 
Beside Kuber Complex Varanasi - 221010, Uttar Pradesh • Vellore: Door No. 86, BA 
Complex, 1st Floor, Shop No. 3, Anna Salai (Officer Line), Tollgate, Vellore,Tamilnadu - 632 
001. • Vijayawada: 40-1-68, Rao & Ratnam Complex Near Chennupati Petrol Pump M.G 
Road, Labbipet, Vijayawada 520010, Andhra Pradesh • Himachal Pradesh: 328/12, Ram 
Nagar, 1st Floor, Above Ram Traders, Mandi – 175001 • Flat No GF2, D NO 47 -3-2/2, 
Vigneswara Plaza, 5th Lane, Dwarakanagar, Visakhapatnam - 530 016, Andhra Pradesh 
• Warangal: A.B.K Mall, Near Old Bus Depot Road, F -7, 1st Floor, Ramnagar, 
Hanamkonda, Warangal 506001, Andhra Pradesh • Yamuna Nagar: 124-B/R Model Town 
Yamunanagar, Yamuna Nagar 135001, Haryana. • Gopal katra, 1st Floor, Fort Road 
Jaunpur – 222001, Contact no: 05452 321630 Jaunpur• Hosur: Survey No.25/204, Attibele 
Road, HCF Po st, Mathigiri, Above Time Kids School, Opposite to Kutty’s Frozen Foods, 
Hosur - 635 110, Tamil Nadu, Contact no: 04344 – 262303. Ground Floor, Kalika Temple 
Street, Beside SBI Bazar Branch, Berhampur, 760 002, Odisha. Opposite Dutta Traders, 
Near Durga Ma ndir, Balipur, Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Pin Code – 230 001. • CAMS 
Service Center, Office No 413, 414, 415, 4th Floor, Seasons Business Centre, Opp. KDMC 
(Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation) Shivaji Chowk, Kalyan (W) - 421 301. • Police 
Line, Ramakrishna Pally, Near Suri Bus Stand, Suri, West Bengal – 731101. CAMS Service 
Center, Anand Plaza, Shop number 6, 2nd floor, Sarbananda Sarkar Street, Munsifdanga, 
Purulia, West Bengal – 723101. • CAMS Service Center, 58 Padumbasan Maniktala more, 
1st floor, Purba Medinipur, Tamluk, West Bengal – 721636. • CAMS Service Center, Das 
& Das Complex, First Floor, By -Pass Road, Opposite to Vishal Mega Mart, Chhapulia, 
Bhadrak, Odisha – 756100. • CAMS Service Centre, near New ERA Public School, 
Rajbagh, Srinagar, Jammu & Kashmir – 190 008. • CAMS Service Center, Shop No 5 & 6, 
B2B Elite, Ground Floor, Near Deshikendra School, Signal Camp, Latur, Maharashtra, Pin 
– 413512. • CAMS SERVICE CENTER, Shop No. 112, First Floor, Anant Vaibhav, University 
Road, Rewa, Madhya Pradesh, Pin – 486001 • Computer Age Management Services Ltd, 
Darji Pokhari Chakka, Above OM Jewelers, Hospital Square, Puri, Odisha – 752001. • Plot 
No 49, Ward No 31, Swami Vivekanand Ward, Gully No 1, Padawa, Khandwa – 450001, 
Madhya Pradesh. •12/179, Bairagdar Building, Behind Congress Committee Office, 
Ichalkaranji – Maharashtra – 416115. 
 
TP Lite Centres 
 
•Ahmednagar: Office No. 3, 1st Floor, Shree Parvati, Plot No. 1/175, Opp. Mauli Sabhagruh, 
Zopadi Canteen, Savedi, Ahmednagar – 414003 • Basti: Office # 3, 1st Floor, Jamia 
Shopping Complex, Opp Pandey School, Station Road, Basti 272002, Uttar Pradesh • 
Chhindwara: 2nd Floor, Parasia Road, Near Surya Lodge, Sood Complex, Above Nagpur CT 
Scan, Chhindwara – 480001, Madhya Pradesh • Chittorgarh: CAMS Service centre, 3 
Ashok Nagar,Near Heera Vatika, Chittorgarh, Chittorgarh 312001, Rajasthan •

[Page 87]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Darbhanga: Shahi Complex,1st Floor Near RB Memorial hospital,V.I.P. Road, Benta 
Laheriasarai, Darbhanga 846001, Bihar • Dharmapuri : # 16A/63A, Pidamaneri Road, 
Near Indoor Stadium, Dharmapuri, Dharmapuri 636701, Tamil Nadu • Shop No 26 and 27, 
Door No. 39/265A and 39/265B, Second Floor, Skanda Shopping Mall, Old Chad Talkies, 
Vaddageri, 39th Ward, Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh, 518001 • Dhule : H. No. 1793 / A, J.B. 
Road, Near Tower Garden, Dhule 424001, Maharashtra • Faizabad: 9/1/51, Rishi Tola, 
Fatehganj, Ayodhya, Faizabad, Uttar Pradesh –224001• Gandhidham: Office No. 4,, 
Ground Floor, Ratnakala Arcade, Plot No. 231, Ward – 12/B, Gandhidham 370201, Gujarat 
• Gulbarga: Pal Complex, Ist Floor Opp. City Bus Stop, SuperMarket, Gulbarga 585101, 
Karnataka • Haldia: 2nd Floor, New Market Complex, Durga chak Post Office, Purba 
Medinipur District, Haldia 721602, West Bengal • Haldwani: Durga City Centre, Nainital 
Road Haldwani, Haldwani 263139, Uttaranchal • Himmatnagar: Unit No. 326, Third Floor, 
One World - 1, Block - A, Himmatnagar, Gujarat - 383 001. • Hoshiarpur: Near Archies 
Gallery Shimla Pahari Chowk, Hoshiarpur 146001, Punjab • Hosur: No.303, SIPCOT Staff 
Housing Colony, Hosur 635126, Tamil Nadu • Jaunpur: 248, Fort Road, Near Amber Hotel, 
Jaunpur 222001, Uttar Pradesh • Katni: 1st Floor, Gurunan ak Dharmakanta, Jabalpur 
Road, Bargawan, Katni 483501, Madhya Pradesh • Khammam: Shop No: 11 - 2 - 31/3, 1st 
floor, Philips Complex, Balajinagar, Wyra Road, Near Baburao Petrol Bunk, Khammam 
507001, Andhra Pradesh • Malda: Daxhinapan Abasan, Opp Lane of Ho tel Kalinga, SM 
Pally, Malda 732101, West Bengal • Manipal: CAMS Service Centre, Basement floor, 
Academy Tower, Opposite Corporation Bank, Manipal 576104, Karnataka • Mathura: 
159/160 Vikas Bazar, Mathura 281001, Uttar Pradesh • Moga:Street No 8-9 Center, Aarya 
Samaj Road, Near Ice Factory, Moga - 142001, Punjab., • Namakkal: 156A / 1, First Floor, 
Lakshmi Vilas Building Opp. To District Registrar Office, Trichy Road, Namakkal 637001, 
Tamil Nadu • Palanpur: Gopal Trade Centre, Shop No. 13-14, 3rd Floor, Near BK Mercantile 
Bank, Opp. Old Gunj, Palanpur 385001, Gujarat • Rae Bareli: No.17 Anand Nagar Complex, 
Rae Bareli 229001, Uttar Pradesh • Rajapalayam: D. No. 59 A/1, Railway Feeder Road 
Near Railway Station, Rajapalayam 626117, Tamil Nadu • Ratlam: Dafri a & Co 81, Bajaj 
Khanna, Ratlam 457001, Madhya Pradesh • Ratnagiri: Orchid Tower, Ground Floor, Gala 
No. 06, S.V. Road No. 301/Paiki ½, Nachane Municipal Aat, Arogya Mandir, Nachane Link 
Road, Ratnagiri – 415612, Maharashtra • Roorkee: Cams Service Center, 22 Civil Lines 
Ground, Floor, Hotel Krish Residency, (Haridwar), Roorkee 247667, Uttaranchal • Sagar: 
Opp. Somani Automobiles Bhagwanganj, Sagar 470002, Madhya Pradesh • 
Shahjahanpur: Bijlipura, Near Old Distt Hospital, Jail Road, Shahjahanpur 242001, Ut tar 
Pradesh • Sirsa: Bansal Cinema Market, Beside Overbridge, Next to Nissan car showroom, 
Hissar Road, Sirsa 125055, Haryana • Sitapur: Arya Nagar Near Arya Kanya School, 
Sitapur 262001, Uttar Pradesh • Solan: 1st Floor, Above Sharma General Store Near Sanki 
Rest house The Mall, Solan 173212, Himachal Pradesh • Srikakulam: Door No 10-5-65, 1st 
Floor Dhanwanthri Complex, Kalinga Road, Opp Chandramouli Departmenta Store, Near 
Seven Roads Junction, Srikakulam – 532 001, Andhra Pradesh• Sultanpur: 967, Civil Lines 
Near Pant Stadium, Sultanpur 228001, Uttar Pradesh • Surendranagar: 2 M I Park, Near 
Commerce College Wadhwan City, Surendranagar 363035, Gujarat • Tinsukia: Bangiya 
Vidyalaya Road, Near old post office, Durgabari, Tinsukia 786125, Assam • Tuticorin: 4B / 
A-16 Mangal Mall Complex,Ground Floor, Mani Nagar, Tuticorin 628003, Tamil Nadu • 
Ujjain: 109, 1st Floor, Siddhi Vinayak Trade Centre, Shaheed Park, Ujjain 456010, Madhya 
Pradesh • Vasco: No DU 8, Upper Ground Floor, Behind Techoclean Clinic, Suvidha 
Complex,Near ICICI Bank, Vasco da gama 403802, Goa •Wardha: CAMS Service Center, 
Opp. Raman Cycle Industries, Shastri Chowk, Krishna Nagar, Wardha, Maharashtra – 
442001 Yavatmal: Pushpam, Tilakwadi, Opp. Dr. Shrotri Hospital, Yavatmal 445001, 
Maharashtra. • PID No. 88268, 2nd Floor, 2nd Cross, M G Road, Tumkur, Karnataka, Pin -
572 101 • CAMS Service Center, 12/179, Bairagdar Building, Behind Congress Committee

[Page 88]
Scheme Information Document 
ICICI Prudential ELSS Tax Saver Fund 
Office, Ichalkaranji – Maharashtra – 416115 • CAMS Service Center Plot No 49, Ward No 
31, Swami Vivekanand Ward, Gully No 1, Padawa, 
Khandwa – 450001, Madhya Pradesh 
 
In addition to the existing Official Point of Acceptance of transactions, Computer Age 
Management Services Ltd. (CAMS), the Registrar and Transfer Agent of ICICI Prudential 
Mutual Fund, having its office at New No 10. Old No. 178, Opp. to Hotel Palm Grove, MGR 
Salai (K.H.Road), Chennai - 600 034 shall be an official point of acceptance for electronic 
transactions received from the Channel Partners with whom ICICI Prudential Asset 
Management Company Limited has entered or may enter into specific arrangements for all 
financial transactions relating to the units of mutual fund schemes. Additionally, the secure 
Internet sites operated by CAMS will also be official point of acceptance only for the limited 
purpose of all channel partners transactions based on agreements entered into 
between IPMF and such authorized entities. Additionally, the Internet site(s) operated by the 
AMC and online applications of the AMC [including i-Invest iPru (previously IPRUTouch)] will 
also be official poin t of acceptance. The AMC also accepts applications received on 
designated FAX numbers. 
 
In addition to the existing Official Point of Acceptance of transactions, authorized Points of 
Service (POS) of MF Utilities India Private Limited (MFUI) shall be an official point of 
acceptance for all financial and non- financial transactions. The updated list of POS of MFUI 
is available on www.mfuindia.com. The online transaction portal of MFU is 
www.mfuonline.com. Further, Investors can also subscribe units of the Scheme during the 
NFO Period by availing the platforms/facilities made available by the Stock Exchanges. 
 
For the updated list of official Point of Acceptance of transactions of AMC and CAMS, please 
refer the website of the AMC viz., www.icicipruamc.com 
 
Open Network for Digital Commerce (ONDC) 
 
The schemes of ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund (the Fund) are now available to be transacted 
through the Open Network for Digital Commerce (ONDC) (“Network”). 
To facilitate transactions through this Network, the Fund has/shall enter into agreement 
with service provider(s) who would provide backend platform on behalf of the Fund. The 
said platform would be considered as an ‘OPAT’. 
 
Accordingly, for the purpose of determining the applicability of NAV, the time at which 
request for purchase / sale / switch of units is received on the server(s) of the said platform 
will be considered as time of receipt of transaction with the AMC. 
 
As per existing system architecture of ONDC network, currently regular plans of the 
schemes of ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund are available for transaction through this route.